THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 1.	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1845.	N° 9.

Truth, whether in or out of fashion, is the measure of knowledge and the busi-
ness of the understanding; whatsoever is beside that, however authorised by con-
sent or recommended by variety, is nothing but ignorance, or something worse.

Locke.

REVIEWS.

The Sanitary Condition of the Laboring Population of New
York. With suggestions for its improvement. A discourse (with
additions) delivered on the 30th December, 1844, at the Repository
of the American Institute. By John H. Griscom, M. D., Fellow
of the College of Physicians and Surgeons; Physician of the New
York Hospital; late Physician of the city and eastern dispensaries.
New York ; Harper & Brothers, 82 Cliff street. 1845.

(Second Notice.)

Although Dr. Griscom’s labors are mainly in behalf of
the poor, yet he very clearly proves to the rich that their
own welfare is closely connected with that of the lower
orders.

“ At all seasons of the year, there is an amount of sickness and death,
in this, as in all large cities, far beyond those of less densely peopled,
more airy and open places, such as country residences. Even in vil-
lages of small size, there is an observable difference over the isolated
country dwelling, in the proportionate amount of disease prevailing ;
proving conclusively that the congregation of animal and vegetable
matters, with their constant effluvia, which has less chance of escape
from the premises, in proportion to the absence of free circulation of
air, is detrimental to the health of the inhabitants.

“ These circumstances have never yet been investigated in this city,
ns they should be. Our people, especially the more destitute, have
been allowed to live out their brief lives in tainted and unwholesome
atmospheres, and be subject to the silent and invisible encroachments
of destructive agencies from every direction, without one warning voice
being raised to point to them their danger, and without an effort to
rescue them from their impending fate. Fathers are taken from their
children, husbands from their wives, “ere they have lived out half
their days,”—the widows and orphans are thrown upon public or pri-
vate charity for support, and the money which is expended to save
them from starvation, to educate them in the public schools, or, per-
chance, to maintain them in the work house or the prison, if judi-
ciously spent in improving the sanitary arrangements of the city, and
instilling into the population a knowledge of the means by which their
health might be protected, and their lives prolonged and made happy,
would have been not only saved, but returned to the treasury in the
increased health of the population, a much better state of public mor-
als, and, by consequence, a more easily governed and respectable com-
munity.”

The amount of suffering in our city, as detailed in this
pamphlet, from causes within the power of our municipal
government to remove, is much greater than we had suppos-
ed could exist. One great cause of disease, as shown by
Dr. Griscom, is the practice of sub-tenantage, which pre-
vails to a very great extent among the very poor, and which
is, perhaps, wholly beyond the power of the Corporation to
remedy; but the greatest evils grow out of filthy streets,
and these the Corporation have entirely under their own
control; but the people have suffered so long from this
grievance, that they now seem hardly conscious of its exis-
tence, and sit down contentedly in their Glenburneyism,
without making an effort for its removal. Yet we believe
that any party which will give us clean streets for six
months, will be kept in power forever by the people, out of
gratitude for their good works. As Dr. Griscom truly ob-
served, New York is more favorably situated than any other
city in the world for the preservation of health; yet with
all the advantages that nature has so bountifully bestowed
upon us for the increase of happiness, we continue by the
most violent departures from obvious rules of health to cul-
tivate as great an amount of disease and suffering as any
other city on the Continent.

Dr. Griscom devotes a good part of his pamphlet to the
subject of ventilation, on which our people need enlighten-
ing to a fearful extent. The wealthy classes are generally
as deficient of knowledge on this important subject as the
laboring poor, and not unfrequently suffer acutely for lack of
fresh air, of which they ignorantly deprive themselves. In
remarking on the necessity of making physiology as applied
to the laws of life, and the preventive of diseases, a study in
all our private, public and common schools, the author says;

“ It is needless to say to an ignorant adult apparently free from
sickness, that he lives, works and sleeps, in too confined an atmos-
phere—he will answer that he is well enough, and a change would be
irksome, and cost money, and he will not believe what you say, for
he cannot be easily made to understand the importance, or even the
right use, of air. But bring up his child in a knowledge of the value
and necessity of pure fresh air, by teaching him the relations which it
bears to the blood, the digestion and other functions—teach him nev-
er to fear it, that it is his immediate and incessant source of life and
health, give him a knowledge of the diseases and dangers to which its
absence will subject him, and think you he would not avoid its impu-
rities, as he would poison or the pestilence ? In his school-room, his
sitting-room, his chamber or his work-shop, he would seek for a pure
clear atmosphere, as when thirsty he would seek the cool water, as
the weary “hart panteth after the water brook.” “ Ventilate, Venti-
late,” would be his natural demand, in tones of earnestness propor-
tioned to the necessity which his expansive lungs, and ever freshened
feelings, would readily discover. The humble tenement of the laborer,
would then, though but a single room, be no longer shut night and
day, unvisited by the refreshing air of heaven; the work-shop would
then be no longer a receptacle of foul effluvia of human and outer ori-
gin, and our churches, public rooms, and lecture halls, be no longer
unventilated. (En passant, what a strange inconsistency is it, in the
refined and polished, to object to sip a mouthful of water from the
same glass as another, in which there can be no possible contamina-
tion, and yet swallow over and over again, the breath of others shut
up in the same apartment, and which has passed through hundreds
of lungs, perhaps diseased, and over teeth in every stage of decay.”)

The appropriation of the Common Council the present year
for the Alms House, amounts to $197,000. Probably one
quarter of that sum expended in keeping the residences of
the poor in a healthy condition, would save another quarter
at least, as may be seen from the extracts which follow.

“ As upon the condition of health of an individual are based his
physical and mental strength, his ability for self-maintenance, his
personal happiness, and that of others dependent on him, and also his
usefulness to his family, to the community and his country; and as
the community depends for its prosperity upon the performances of
its members, individually and collectively, in the measure of influence
committed to them respectively, so does the health of the people af-
fect the capacity and interests of the state.

“ As upon the individual, when sick, falls an increased pecuniary
burden, with (in general) a suspension of income, so upon the state
or city, must rest, not only the expenses of removing an unsound
condition of public health, but also, from the attendant loss of charac-
ter, a diminution of its resources.

“ When individuals of the pauper class are ill, their entire support,
and perchance, that of the whole family, falls upon the community.
From a low state of general health, whether in an individual or in
numbers, proceed diminished energy of body and of mind, and a
vitiated moral perception, the frequent precursor of habits and deeds,
which give employment to the officers of police, and the ministers of
justice.”

Prescott’s Ferdinand and Isabella.

The Harpers have lately issued the tenth edition of Mr.
Prescott’s invaluable “ History of the Reign of Ferdinand and
Isabella, the Catholic.” It is not our intention of course, at
this late day, to say anything critically of a work whose
preeminent merit is as definitely settled, and as generally
admitted as that of any history in existence. It would be
difficult indeed, to urge anything, with a show of reason,
against the book, considered with reference to Mr. Prescott’s
intention in undertaking it—and it seems a matter of nearly

130

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

equal difficulty to add, in the way of approbation, a syllable
to what has already been said. We are guilty of a sheer true-
ism in maintaining that “Ferdinand and Isabella” is a
thorough, elaborate, well arranged, well-toned, and original
record of an epoch replete with events of importance to man-
kind and of especial importance to Americans. If there lies
upon this record a shadow of blame it is on the score of a
very pardonable partiality for the principal personages intro-
duced.

Our purpose in penning this notice, now, is simply to call
attention to the issue of a new edition, and to say a word or
two of the book as a book merely, and as a very desirable
acquisition to any library which shall happen to be with-
out it.

It is the sole work giving a particular account of the epoch
it discusses—the reign of Ferdinand and Isabella—although
there are particular narratives, in an unbroken series, from
Charles the First to Charles the Third. Yet it was in the
reign of Ferdinand and Isabella that the several provinces
into which Spain had been so long parcelled off, were re-
duced into one dominion—that the kingdom of Naples was
conquered—that the Spanish Arabian empire was overthrown
—that the Jews were banished—that the Inquisition was es-
tablished—and, finally, that America was re-discovered by
Columbus. This reign, too, (which should have been the
historical basis of all the others) was rendered notable not
only through Columbus, but through the illustrious states-
man Ximenes, the “ Great Captain” Gonsalvo de Cordova,
and several other remarkable individuals, to say nothing of
Isabella herself, in the illustration of whose character alone
a bulky volume might be profitably written.

The only continental histories of the period are “ L'His-
toire des Rois Catholiques Ferdinand et Isabelle par L'Abbe
Mignot"—and the “ Geschichte der Regierung Ferdinand
des Katholischen, von Rupert Becker." These works, how-
ever, are very brief and compendious ; neither of them equal-
ling in bulk one of our ordinary novel volumes. Their au-
thors refer only to the most accessible materials, and make
no claim to research.

The truth is, that previous to the period at which Mr. Pres-
cott commenced his task (which was, we believe, in 1826 or
1827), there were comparatively no facilities for its accom-
plishment. The researches of Spanish literati have lately
thrown much light, at random, on various points of the
theme. Llorente, for example, the noted Secretary of the
Inquisition, has issued his pregnant history of that memora-
ble institution ; Conde has given a literal version of the Span-
ish Arab chronicles; Sempere, Marina, and Capmany have
written diffusely on the political aspect of Spain ; Navarrette
has made an extensive collection of original documents con-
cerning Columbus; and Clemencin has completed the sixth
volume of the Memoirs of the Royal Academy of Spanish
History. To these sources Mr. Prescott is. of course, very
very greatly indebted, and he is the first to avail himself of
the vast advantages they afford. Mr. Irving’s “ History of
Columbus” and “ Chronicle of Granada” were very partial
and very unexpected, although unquestionably very beauti-
ful anticipations of small portions of Mr. Prescott’s great de-
sign.

The edition now issued by the Messrs. Harpers, is care-
fully prepared from the third English edition, which em-
braces many important matters not embodied in the original
work. While the second edition was passing through the
press, Mr. Prescott ireceived copies of two valuable Span-
ish works having reference to his theme, but which from the
recency of their issue, had not previously come to his know-

ledge. He was also enabled to avail himself of the “ Ma-
hommedan Dynasties of Spain,” a book of great merit just
then published by Don Pascual de Gayangos, and which
throws much light upon the Arabian portion of the Peninsu-
lar Annals.

The mechanical execution of the “Ferdinand and Isabella”
is every thing that can be desired. It is issued in three roy-
al octavo volumes of about 400 pages each, printed on fine
thick paper, with bold type, and illustrated with portraits of
Isabella, Ferdinand, Columbus, Ximenes, and Gonsalvo of
Cordova. It furnishes also numerous autographs of these
and other celebrated personages of the time discussed. The
binding is very neat and durable.

Woman in the Nineteenth Century. By S. Margaret Fuller. New York,

Greeley & McElrath. 1845. Price 60 cents.

It will be a happy time for the world, but especially hap-
py for the reading part of it, when people shall be content to
accomplish, in the shortest time possible, whatever they may
feel themselves called to do. Time flies, should be inscri-
bed on the door-posts of every author’s dwelling. An em-
blematic figure, like that in the Hall of our National Legis-
lature, does not appear to be sufficiently striking, though it
tells the hours as they fly. The author who writes to amuse,
may write as long as he can amuse, even though he should
write tales longer than the Grand Cyrus, or Sir Charles
Grandison ; but the author who writes to instruct, cannot
write too briefly, for we have much to learn, and but little
time to learn in ; one third must be given to sleep, another
third, at least, to labor, and the rest to study, to amusements,
to writing, and talking, and sight-seeing. The time that the
best of us can devote to reading, is but short, and therefore,
we cannot afford to read books which lack method, or which
contain more words than are necessary to convey the author’s
meaning, provided he have any. That Miss Fuller is justly
chargeable with wasting the time of her readers, her most de-
vout admirer cannot deny. Her book consists of two hun-
dred pages, but all that it contains of her own suggesting,
might be fairly compressed into a third of the space. The
title is a misnomer to begin with; the one under which
the essay was once published, “ The great Law-suit, Man
vs. Men: Woman vs. Women,” was much better, because,
having no particular meaning, it created no improper expec-
tations. Miss Fuller informs us that she changed it because
it was not understood ; she will have to change the present
one, for an opposite reason. We keep looking for woman of
the nineteenth century, but we only find a roster of female
names from Panthea to Amelia Norman. The propriety of the
title is the more doubtful from the following passage in her
preface.

“ By man, I mean both man and woman. I lay no especial stress on
the welfare of either. I believe the welfare of the one cannot be ef-
fected without that of the other. My highest wish is that this truth
should be distinctly and rationally apprehended ; and the conditions
of life and freedom recognised as the same for the daughters and the
sons of time.”

The style is somewhat stilted, but the thought is just and
philosophical, and proves Miss Fuller to be a thinking,
right-judging person. Why could she not, then, since she
thinks so correctly, call her book, Man, or Society in the
Nineteenth century, and so plead in a straight forward man-
ner in behalf of man, without any specialities about woman’s
rights or woman’s wrongs, as though she had either rights
or wrongs, which are not also the rights and wrongs of men.
We certainly did not expect from a woman of Miss Fuller’s
natural and acquired powers, the wretched cant which we
hear so often from men, who, having no claim upon man,
seek for the sympathies of women, and from women, who,

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

131

having as little claim upon the sympathies of men, try for it
by speaking in the name of their sex, about woman’s mission,
woman’s influence, and woman’s rights; and we have not
been disappointed ; she seems to entertain a wholesome hor-
ror of the whole tribe of shallow canters. But then, if we do
not misapprehend her, which we are not sure of, she has
errors of her own which are more dangerous, because not so
shallow as the others. She forgets, or rather seems to forget,
that God created man male and female, notwithstanding the
declaration in her preface, which we suspect, contains, like
the postscript of a woman’s letter, the fact which she intend-
ed to put into the body Of her work. She is dissatisfied that
women are not men, and takes offence at the term “ women
and children”; words which to us sound sweeter for being
spoken together. She is offended that women should esteem
it a compliment to be called masculine, while men consider
it a reproach to be called feminine. “Early I perceived,”
she says, “ that men, in no extremity of distress, ever wished
themselves women.” Of course not. It is the law that wo-
man shall reverence her husband, and that he shall be her
head. We may love those whom we protect, but we can
never wish ourselves in their place, although we naturally
wish to be like those from whom we receive protection. The
wish of Desdemona that Heaven had made her like Othello,
is the sweetest touch of nature in Shakspeare. Some have
doubted what she meant, but they have only to read her wish
by the light of revelation, and her meaning is clear. Miss
Fuller says:

“ I have urged on woman, independence of man, not that I do not
think the sexes mutually needed by one another, but because in woman,
this fact has led to an excessive devotion, which has cooled love, de-
graded marriage, and prevented either sex from being what it should be
to itself or the other. • • • That her hand may be given with
dignity, she must be able to stand alone.”

This, we conceive to be the radical error of Miss Fuller’s
reasoning, and directly opposed to the law of nature, of expe-
rience and revelation. She says,

“A profound thinker has said, that no married woman can represent
the female world, for she belongs to her husband. The idea of woman
must be represented by a virgin.”

He was a very shallow thinker, or a joker. It would be as
reasonable to say that none but a deaf man could give a true
idea of music. Woman is nothing but as a wife. How, then,
can she truly represent the female character who has never
filled it ? No woman can be a true woman, who has not
been a wife and a mother. These are not accidental charac-
ters like those of mistress and servant, which may be tho-
roughly understood without being acted ; but they are the
natural destiny of woman, and if she is kept from them, her
nature is distorted and unnatural; and she sees things
through a false medium. Her report, therefore, of a char-
acter which she never filled, must be received with distrust.

It is not easy to discover from Miss Fuller’s essay what her
precise ideas of the true relation of man and woman are;
although on some points she is sufficiently distinct. Mrs.
Jamieson, with true womanly feeling, said that she would pre-
fer being Mary of Scotland to Elizabeth of England; but
Miss Fuller would prefer being the termagant Queen and
swearing by “God’s teeth.” Colonel Emily Plater and
Madame George Sand souod pleasantly in her ears. “ If you
ask me what offices women may fill,” says Miss Fuller, “ I
reply any ; let them be sea captains if you will.” Very good,
let them. We have a queen of England, and Eogland claims
to be mistress of the seas; let us have a woman Admiral.
But we take sides with Spinoza, and answer that woman
cannot command. She lacks the chief qualities of a com-
mander. She cannot invent. She is an apt imitator, but she

cannot originate; and therefore we have no fears that we
shall ever see woman in our halls of legislature, or in com-
mand of our ships or armies. “ A party of travellers lately
visited a lonely hut on a mountain. There they found an old
woman that told them she and her husband had lived there
forty years; why, they said, did you chose so barren a spot ?
She did not know, it was the man’s notion. And during forty
years she had been content to act, without knowing why, up-
on the man’s notion. I would not have it so”; says Miss
Fuller. In the name of all that is monstrous, what would
she have? Would she have the woman to leave her hus-
band, or would she have the husband abandon what he be-
lieved to be for his interest to do, to satisfy a whim of his
wife? She is not bound to provide for him, but he is bound
to provide for her, and therefore he must be allowed the pri-
vilege of following his own business in his own way, unless
she can advise him better; but he must be the judge of the
advice. The old woman was a true woman and a good wife,
who had no thought but to please her husband. Women
who have any other thoughts have no business with a hus-
band. If there is anything clear in revealed and natural
law, it is that man is the head of the woman. All the beau-
ty, all the harmony, all the happiness of life is centred in this
truth. The most perfect woman that the world has ever
known, one who was tried as no other woman was ever tried,
who was endowed by nature as few women have ever been
endowed, the sweetest, purest being that ever bore the name
of woman, counted herself nothing but the wife of her hus-
band, would know no law but his will, no happiness but his
love; and when his love grew cold, and he became dead to
her, though living, she still remained true to him. The
world has abounded in Ephesian widows, but there has been
only one Eloisa. Yet Eloisa is the true type of perfect wo-
man. But Eloisa is not the type of Miss Fuller’s ideal wife:
she is better pleased with such a wife as Madame Roland,
whose equality with her husband, and congeniality of tastes
and employments, made her his companion and friend. She
was, in truth, no wife at all, at least, to him, and she fully
exemplified the truth which Miss Fuller denies, that love is
a necessity with woman.

“ This is one of the best instances (the marriage of Ma-
dame Roland) of a marriage of friendship. It was only friend-
ship, whose basis was esteem; probably neither party knew
love, except by name;” says Miss Fuller. But Thiers says ;
“Elle respectait et cherissait son epoux comme un pere: elle
eprouvait pour l’un des Girondins proscrits une passion pro-
fonde, qu’ elle avait toujours contenue.”

THE ART OF THE USE OF COLOR IN IMITATION IN PAINTING.

NO. III.

BY WILLIAM PAGE.

We all know that our picture, when it is done, should an-
swer to a catechism like this, “ If you tickle us, shall we not
laugh ? if you prick us, shall we not bleed ? and if you
wrong us, shall we not revenge ?

Now let us suppose that we have a white canvas on which
we are to paint a head. White is not only the best re-
ceiver of color, but indeed the only equal receiver of all co-
lors, as well as that on which we can get the greatest
transparency and permanence, and is least likely to swallow
up eventually the colors put upon it, as is the case in dark
grounds.

On this white ground then we draw very carefully the
outline, in red ink, so that it cannot be washed off by the

132

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

paint when passed over it, and so that it will Dot need cor-
rection or removal, because whenever this has to be done, it
must make a patch, which no skill can wholly hide; and
then let us begin with the simplest colors we can get of
known permanence.

Take on the pallette Venetian Red, Vermillion and Prus-
sian Blue—and only these, the first being really not a perfect
red, but rather an orange color, that is, one in which yellow
is mingled with the red. So indeed are almost all known
pigments more or less mixed, and we have not the colors
wherewith to represent perfectly the red, yellow, and blue,
of nature, any more than those to represent light and dark-
ness.

Let us then take in a brush, some Venetian red, together
with drying-oil, the only vehicle fit for oil painting, and
brush over the place of the flesh with this red, so that we
half obscure the white ground, covering every part of it, un-
til it is perhaps half as dark as this color would make it if
laid on to a solid body, which must not however be done
anywhere, because this would make it opaque at the last, and
the light ground should appear somewhat through, even to
the end. After heightening the reds in the lips, cheeks. &c.,
where the carnations are to be more purplish, when com-
pleted, with Vermillion; proceed to make out the shadows
with the Venetian red, stronger as they deepen, until the
forms are faintly indicated, and a tolerable idea of the rotun-
dity of the head is given.

But if the complexion of the subject is very clear, with
uncommonly brilliant color; before laying on the Venetian
red, paint in those bright parts with Vermillion on the white
ground, and paint around them with the other reds. Then,
whilst it is still wet, take a soft brush with Prussian blue,
rather thin, and well diffused through the brush, sweep
gently over those parts that either retire from the light, or
the eye, neutralising with this, the red color more or less, as
it is more or less indefinite in the head before you, until you
have made out a complete general resemblance to the origi-
nal. Be careful not to destroy the unity by entirely oblite-
rating the red or the white ground anywhere, except, per-
haps, in the deepest points of dark, as in the pupils of the
eyes, for they are to be passed over with the rest, the nos-
trils, and the darkest parts of the mouth. The hair may be
treated in like manner, unless it be very peculiar in color, as
a good preparation for after painting.

When this painting is perfectly dry, if it should be found
weak in effect, the same process may be repeated, until the
full force of Chinese Vermillion be given in the cheeks, &c.,
that is, as much power of color as this pigment can be
made to exhibit, for it will be brightest before it is per-
fectly solid, or before it entirely obliterates the white ground.

This stage, which in its progress will resemble as much
as may be the mode used by miniature painters, on paper
or ivory, must continue until all the force of color the pig-
ments are capable of is produced, and the effect of the whole
is as harmonious as possible.

By this time it will be brought to that tone which I have
attempted to describe, and in which alone it can attain its
full force. As the color is yet only on the surface, it may
perhaps be leathery, not however a discouraging circum-
stance, unless the complexion to be imitated is remarkably
clear, in case of which the blue must continue to be used
over in the first painting, until something of a pearly or cool
effect is produced, by the red being almost neutralised. If
there be any while near the flesh, it should be treated in
this way ; Venetian red passed over the white ground, until
reduced to as low a tone as need be, and then, whilst it
is wet, blue used over it, until all the red disappears.

For what Sir Isaac Newton calls while, and produced by
rapidly turning the seven prismatic colors on a wheel so as
to mix them all together—was not white, which is positive,
but the negation of color. This may also be done by so
mixing the three primitive colors together, that neither is
seen to predominate, and this, in its proper relation, will
appear white; though in reality it will come into that me-
dium degree of light which I have before named, and am
obliged so often to refer to. So that what is called Venetian
red being, as before stated, orange, and having added to it
blue until the red and yellow of the orange disappear, or are
neutralized, becomes, in this stage of the picture, the repre-
sentative of white.

It will then be seen that such a white you may heighten
at pleasure, or represent shining objects upon, as could not
be done, if you had already exhausted your power by the
use of positive white. The picture in this state will of
course have the look of glazing; this will be the look
of wetness also, which all glazing has. Though this will
not be so entirely wet as if the colors used had been what
are known as transparent, and all known pigments except
metals, have some degree of this transparent quality ; that
is, they will all, with one exception, show through them
something of the color on which they are laid, if they be not
too thickly impasted thereon, (I speak of colors in oil.) And
these more opaque pigments, Venetian red and Vermillion,
are recommended, because the more transparent want that
look of body, necessary to give the full force and solidity of
flesh.

Should the picture be capable of receiving additional
strength from glazing reds or yellows, this is the state in
which to use them to their fullest extent; though if it is
as low as it should be in tone, it will appear to the un-
initiated lower than nature, and cause one who lacks ex-
perience in this mode, to fear that he has his flesh below
that of Titian’s; but if it be really carried to a complete uni-
ty in this stage, as it should be, the after process will, if well
applied, cause your eyes to sparkle with the result which
nature only need surpass.

Let us suppose, then, that all the parts are complete, in
their proper relations, no blackness in the shadows, and yet
all the lights so far removed from white, that as seen by twi-
light, the whole picture seems to sink to a fiat tone, and
when it is sufficiently dark to hide the colors, shows as a
blank canvas, of a low middle-tint, yet in the light of day,
has all the power of the pallette in color.

When this former painting is completely dry, take Na-
ples yellow, which is the most opaque of all the colors in
common use, and carries more light than anything but
white itself, and mix with it a small portion of Ultramarine,
enough to make the Naples yellow, which is, when best, a
delicate orange color, perfectly neutral, so that it shows as
much blue as either red or yellow. This is to be, in the
next stage, your representative of light, which it is well cal-
culated to do from its opacity, because light itself is opaque,
particularly when seen concentrated or focussed on any glos-
sy substance, glass for instance, where through the highest
light no color can be seen, however brilliant.

Now the picture being perfectly dry, and this light tint
mixed for the purpose, let it be carefully spread over the
flesh, light, dark, middle-tint and all; carefully I say, of
course with the original before yon, using more or less, as
the skin more or less obscures the blood beneath, but every-
where some, though the less of this light that is required to
produce the desired effect the better, as it weakens the
colors beneath, which need to be kept as pure as possible,

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

133

oftentimes mere skin-deep, but as the skin is everywhere
over the flesh, the surface everywhere lighter than beneath
that surface, even in the deepest shadows, this will so repre-
sent it, that through all the shadows, the skin will appear to
pass, showing everywhere the blood beneath, and ten thou-
sand silvery tones will be produced, surpassing the most
skilful mixing of colors that can be attained without passing
light over dark.

Though everywhere this light must be passed over, yet no
where must it be so thickened as wholly to obscure the
color beneath, or the flesh where it occurs will be opaque—
and only in the extremest locus of the lights is this the case
in nature, the light every where else falling into the flesh,
and the vision following it, and so will light and vision fall
into the picture.

Now, though the picture before this last process was ap-
parently very low in tone, this has made it seem to be filled
with light, and indeed it is so, for you see through it all, as
well as into it, and the light penetrates to the ground and is
reflected back again, bringing color with it. This use of the
white ground is the only compensation we have to make
amends in painting, for the great depth to which the light
passes into real flesh, owing to the greater transparency
of its substance, and that of the blood; but in the picture
we get the surface comparatively opaque, colorless, and
light, to represent the skin, and the red beneath comparative-
ly transparent, and dark, for the blood.

The flesh will now appear as light as need be, but you
will remember that if you had used all the light of the mix-
ture, which would be far too much, it would still be a very
great way removed from white.

Let us now take the same color which we used over the
flesh for light, and with it make out, as economically as
possible, the white spoken of above, taking care not to
make it very light any where, that is, allowing the darker
preparation to show through, unless the stuff to be imitated
be many thicknesses of linen, for linen too shows the dark-
ness through it, and must in a picture, or Titian himself
could not make it more than tolerable, and certainly not low
in tone.

When this is again dry, take pure white and breathe it
here and there on the high lights very thinly, bringing it to a
small focus on the eyes, and where it shines the brightest,
but always with the same strict economy that I have incul-
cated, never using more light than the least that will serve,
and if you have done well what is here advised, your pic-
ture will possess what few modern pictures can boast, and
yet what are the universal qualities of flesh in nature; the
full force ol color, together with unity, and a skin over its
surface, with ten thousand minuter beauties, nameless from
their multitude, which yet the dullest eye can see when com-
pared with the productions of the usual modes adopted in
the painting of pictures. For all true general laws act per-
fectly in the smallest particulars; witness the laws of the
Creator.

Wrong modes of color have often been so ingeniously
used, and with so much feeling and perception of beauty,
as to make a feeble means founded on false principles ap-
pear to those who wanted experience and thought in the
Matter, the true way. But in this that I have attempted
thus far to present, though even so slightly sketched, may
be found the broad principles of imitation and rational
thought, and the only way I am well assured that can make
Art worthy to be the study of such men as could adorn any
liberal pursuit, and might revive a hope, in these days, of
producing anything worthy admiration, or fit to be handed
down to coming lime.

I neglected above to mention particularly the reason, as I
promised to do, why the rich browns are found in the old
masters in place of the greys of the moderns—though any
one who understands well what I have written, can scarcely
have failed to see ere this the cause. It is, that the “ Old
Colorists’” painting, as I said before, on the low key, with the
full power of the primitives, could not fail, when these were
united in full tone, to produce browns of great depth and
richness; but now, painters introducing more light into their
color, and of course weakening it thereby, when they mix
them together produce greys instead of browns.



GAMBLING.

Of the evils of gambling it is needless to say a word.
All the world are agreed that it is one of the most disastrous
of vices—surpassed, perhaps, in the deplorable character of
its results, by drunkenness alone. The crusade waged against
the latter, found its most effective weapon, not in disserta-
tion on the iniquity, but in exposition of the physical ill.
Men who listened to sermons on intemperance as to matters
that might or might not be worth thinking about at some
future indefinite day, were startled at once into good resolves
by a simple inspection of the coats of a drunkard’s stomach.
The books and lectures of Mr. J. H. Green, the reformed
gambler, are, upon the same principle, the most effective
remedies for the vice he is endeavoring to overthrow. It is
all very well to say in our pulpits “ do not gamble, for it is a
heinous sin but it is far better to demonstrate to the pub-
lic satisfaction, that the man who gambles, without being
himself a sharper, is at the absolute mercy of those who are.
Let it be once clearly shown that there is really no chance in
the matter, and that all is an absolute certainty in favor of
the swindler by profession, and we put an end to gambling
in general, by removing the inducement to gamble.

Now Mr. Green proves all this in a manner which must
satisfy the most incredulous. In his books, he gives a full
exposition of the various rogueries practised by the gambling
fraternity ; and the man who reads these books and gambles
in any shape again, is little better than an idiot. But more
than this;—Mr. Green will have no objection to convince
any one who may feel interested—to convince him by ocular
demonstration of the absolute mastery held by the gambler
over his victim. He will show that he (Mr. Green) can tell
any card by the ordinary marks on its back—that it is in his
power in dealing, to give himself a hand to suit his own pur.
poses—in short that, in all games at cards, what his oppo-
nent shall win or lose is entirely at the option of himself
(Mr. Green). He will show, also, the deceptive mechanism
of the faro-boxes, and roulette-tables, and explain in the
clearest and most irrefutable manner, that the usual system
of lottery-drawing is only a more comprehensive method of
picking the public pocket.

Now we maintain that the press has the victory over this
vice within its own hands. If Mr. Green fail, the press only
is responsible. He has done his part with a courage—with
an unflinching resolution, to be estimated by those alone who
have opportunities of knowing the desperate animosity of the
class whose profession is thus to be overthrown. If the
press now come to his aid—if it give publicity to his efforts
—gambling will be more thoroughly suppressed than ever
has been intemperance through the exertions of its opponents.
It may be said Mr. Green’s object is merely to make money.
And what then ? we have nothing to do with his private
object; nor will the public object be one iota the less attain-
ed because, in attaining it, the public puts money in the

134

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

pocket of Mr. Green. He has been at much trouble, and
encountered great danger, in effecting a purpose which can-
not fail of being highly advantageous to mankind. He has
labored and is worthy of his hire; this altogether indepen-
dently of his immediate motives, which nevertheless we be-
lieve to be commendable. He seems actuated by a sincere
desire to render the public a service, and by a very profound,
and certainly a very natural disgust to the fraternity he has
abandoned.

We call therefore upon our brethren of the press to aid Mr.
Green in his efforts.

His books are “ Gambling Unmasked,” “ The Arts and
Miseries of Gambling,” and “ The Gambler’s Mirror”—the
latter a serial work of which only the first number is as yet
issued. They are to be obtained of all booksellers.

Independently of their value as affording not only very
full, but the sole existing expositions of all the arts of the
blackleg, these publications have the merit of presenting nu-
merous vivid pictures of the wretchedness wrought by the
vice in question. These pictures are clearly from nature—
from life. They bear with them distinct internal evidence
of their truth. The volumes have often, too, a less painful
interest, and are sometimes exceedingly amusing. We quote
from the “ Arts and Miseries” a specimen of highly ingeni-
ous trickery:

"To show still further the industry of this class of persons in in-
venting means to deceive and win money, I will relate a trick played
upon a merchant in Shrevesport. A gambler, who was there, bad a
very fine dog, which he shut up two days without feeding him. The
gambler told his secret partner to go and get into conversation with
the merchant, and he would soon come by with his dog, which the
partner would call into the store, and tell the merchant to weigh him;
and he (the owner) would pass on and make no stop. The partner
was also to suggest to the merchant the great probability of winning
some champagne on the weight of the dog, as he, after weighing him,
would know his weight better than the owner. The plan pleased the
merchant, as he knew the owner to be a man always ready to bet.
He weighed the dog, and turned him loose. The dog went home to
his owner, who gave him some two or three pounds of meat to eat,
and then walked back by the store with his dog, and made a stop to
converse a while with some of his acquaintances. The merchant pro-
posed to make a trifling bet that he could tell the dog’s weight as near
as the owner ; and finally a very large bet was made. The merchant
guessed first, and the owner guessed about two pounds more, and
won ; for the meat he had just given his dog made about that differ-
ence. The merchant could not, for a long time, account for his being
deceived, as but a few minutes had elapsed since he had first weigh-
ed the dog. But he had, unwisely, suffered himself to be drawn into
a bet with a man who had made betting his whole business, and who
never calculated to be beaten.

But there is a gambling principle which lies deeper than the
plummet of Mr. Green’s experience has sounded, and which
requires exposure by some stronger hand. There are other
gamblers than those who shuffle cards and rattle dice. Nine
tenths of our leading politicians are gamblers, who make a
business of calculating the chances of success in nominating
men for office, and then bet and speculate accordingly,—not
always for the lore of money, the love of power, or of office,
but from the love of excitement: never, however, from the
love of good principles. A very great part of our politicians
gamble in more ways than in politics. Wall street opera-
tors are nearly all gamblers. The subject is too notorious
to require more than a hint; but if any one would like to
see the gambling principle in full play, he may find as per-
fect a development of it among the outside brokers of Wall
street, who cluster about the doors of the Exchange just af-
ter the adjournment of the “ Board,” as can be witnessed at
any of the Hells in London or Paris. Merchants are gene-
rally strongly imbued with gambling propensities; there are
but few mercantile adventures which are not undertaken in
a gambling spirit. One of the chief causes which influenced
the Legislature in abolishing lotteries, was the frequent de-
velopment of frauds committed by fiduciary agents to cover
their losses in lottery gambling. But such frauds were not

diminished in the slightest degree by the abolition of lotte-
ries. Gambling was never carried to such an extent as in
1836, when the whole nation, from the priest in the pulpit
to the President in Washington, gambled in land. There
are many innocent people in New York, who read with great
horror accounts of gambling in Paris, New Orleans and Lon-
don, and are quite familiar with Crockford’s and other hou-
ses in St. James’s, who never dream that they daily walk
in the shadow of Hells quite as brilliant and quite as black
as any in those cities. Young gentlemen are enticed to such
places at first by a gratuitous supper, when all the elegances
of the table are spread in lavish profusion, and afterwards
they are drawn into the alluring maelstrom by a hope of
gain, a love of excitement, or some other similar motive.

Excitement of some kind all men, excepting only a few
human sloths, require, and they will seek it as they will
food—without any thought of consequences. The chief aim
of the reform must be, to give this love of excitement a pro-
per direction. Mr. Green is himself, doubtless, as favorable
an illustration of our principle as could be afforded. If his
motive could be strictly analysed, we have not a doubt that
it would be found that his former gambling and his present
exposures of the acts of the gambler, result from one cause.
It is for this reason that the greatest sinners always make
the greatest saints—as St. Paul and others.

THE NEW YORK GALLERY OF FINE ARTS.

Good and bad pictures should never be exhibited together,
for a poor work of art which might attract attention by it-
self, will appear disgusting when hung by the side of a
work of real merit; for this reason, if for no other, the di-
rectors of this excellent institution have acted very unwisely
in placing in the exhibition several pictures which do not
deserve to be exhibited even by themselves. In the begin-
ning of an institution which is to continue forever, and to
influence people who will hardly know the names of its
founders, it is of the greatest importance that right prin-
ciples of action should be adopted; otherwise errors innu-
merable must be the consequence. We do not find in the
Constitution of the “ New York Gallery of the Fine Arts,"
or in the remarks appended to the Catalogue of pictures,
any hint of the principles by which the trustees will be
guided in their selections cl works of art, to be added to
the gallery. We regard this as a very great oversight, as
it leaves a wide door open to admit anything and every-
thing which the whims or incapacity of any future trustees
may choose to purchase, or accept as a donation; and ac-
cording to the Constitution no work can ever be alienated
from the Institution after it has become its property either
by gift or purchase.

In founding this Gallery, an opportunity was offered to
render it unique and an honor to the country, by forming it
exclusively of the best works of American Artists alone.
It was a matter of trifling consequence whether it num-
bered ten or a hundred pictures, if they were all of a
high order of merit. A rigid impartiality in excluding se-
cond-rate performances would have gained for it in the
outset a high character, which would have attracted more
visitors than a thousand works of ordinary merit could ever
do. Above all things, copies of every kind should have been
excluded.

And it should have been one of the chief aims of the In-
stitution to have at least one picture from every American
Artist of any pretensions. But we find eleven paintings in
the collection by G. W. Flagg, and not one by Inman or

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

135

Page. Of Mr. Flagg’s eleven pictures, not more than one de-
serves a place in the gallery; but they are all fastened there
for eternity, and unless a fire should snap them up some of
these wintry nights, they will hang upon the walls until
they drop from their frames, Falstaff and Lady Jane Grey
and all. There are several other pictures which belong to
the Gallery, and must, therefore, remain in its collection
forever, which should be hung in a dark corner where
they could never be seen: for instance, a Magdalen after
Corregio; an Allegory—Italian school; View from Roster
Hill, Richardson; Landscape—Dutch school; Boy fallen
asleep over his dinner—Philip; Interior—Dutch school; Pan
and Midas—Goltzius ; Assumption of the Virgin—Annibale
Caracci; and the Old Fiddler after Teniers.

Cole and Ingham have each presented a valuable picture
to the gallery, and other artists have promised to do so.
Mr. Ingham’s gift is an original portrait of Lafayette, paint-
ed by himself, and Cole’s is a view in Sicily, one of his finest
landscapes.

Among the works loaned for exhibition are two of Mr.
Edmonds’ most pleasing compositions, the boy stealing milk
and the “ bashful cousin;" an admirable copy from Titian,
by Durand, and the Day Dream, by Ingham, probably the
best female head he has ever painted. In addition to the
paintings, there is a fine collection of rare engravings, which
should be attentively studied by the public as an antidote to
the magazine plates with which we are flooded every month.

Taken altogether, the Gallery presents a very fine collec-
tion of paintings, which are well worth visiting; but if it
contained only the pictures by Cole and Mount, it might
well be regarded with pride by a New Yorker.

The public, no less than a re-public, is apt to be guilty of
the sin of ingratitude, and like a pampered child, never
troubles itself about the source whence its enjoyments are
derived. We trust that the multitude who will gain pleasure
and instruction from visiting this collection of works of Art,
will bear in mind that it is not a spontaneous production, and
that they are indebted to somebody for its existence. We be-
lieve that the gentleman who was mainly instrumental in the
formation of the “ New York Gallery of the Fine Arts,” is
Jonathan Sturges, the former mercantile partner of Mr. Reed,
to whose liberality we are indebted for the collection. Other
gentlemen, of course, have lent their aid, among whom, we
believe, Janies Brown, Shepard Knapp, F. W. Edmonds, and
Charles M. Leupp, took an active part. Most of the grocers
too, in Front street, out of respect to the memory of Mr. Reed,
who held an eminent position among them, have subscribed
liberally.

We were a little premature in announcing that the Com-
mon Council had unanimously resolved to allow the use of the
Rotunda, to the Gallery, at a merely nominal rent, in spite
of the Mayor’s veto of their former resolution ; it was only
the Board of Aldermen that passed the unanimous resolutions ;
the Board of Assistants, whose assistance, in this case, has
not been of any particular help, referred the matter to a spe-
cial committee, who will, it is apprehended, report adverse
to it.

Original Poetry

THE PILGRIMAGE TO KEVLAAR.

TRANSLATED FROM  THE GERMAN OF HENRY HEINE.

I.

At the window stands the mother,

In bed her son doth lie,

"   Wilt thou rise and look out, William?

The procession goeth by.”

“ I am so sick, my mother,

I can see and hear no more;

I think of my dead Margaret,

That makes my heart so sore.”

“ Rise, we will go to Kevlaar,

Book and rosary we will bear.

And the dear mother of our Lord
Will heal thy sick heart’s care.”

The chaunters they are chaunting,

Swell the church's banners fine,

And the long procession goeth
To Cologne upon the Rhine.

The crowd the mother follows,

Her sick son carries she,

While both do sing in chorus,

“ Oh, Mary, praise to thee!”

II.

The Virgin unto Kevlaar
In gayest clothes they bear;

To-day she has much work to do,

For many sick come there;

And the sick people carry,

As offering good and meet,

Full many waxen members,

And waxen heads and feet.

Whoso a waxen hand offers,

Heals on his own the wound;

Whoso a waxen foot offers,

His own is thenceforth sound.

Some who went there on crutches,

Could dance on ropes that day;

Some who had scarce a finger
On the violin could play.

The mother took a wax light,

And moulded thence a heart,—

“ Bear that unto our mother,

So shall she heal thy smart.”

Sighing he takes the wax heart,

Sighing to Mary goes,

Tears from his eyes are flowing,

Prayer from his full heart flows.

“ Oh, thou most holy mother,

Thou Virgin good and pure,

Thou Queen of all the Heavens,

Thou can’st my sorrow cure !”

“ I dwell with my dear mother
In the city of Cologne,

That may hundred chapels
And churches high doth own.

“ And near to us dwelt Margaret,

Who is dead for evermore.

Mary, I bring thee a wax-heart,

Heal thou my heart so sore.

“ If my sick heart thou healest,

Early and late from me
Shall ever rise the song and prayer,

Oh, Mary, praise to thee !”

III.

The sick son and his mother
In the little chamber lie,

The Holy Virgin cometh
And softly draweth nigh.

She bends above the sick one,

And then her hand doth lay
On his poor heart so gently,

And smiling fades away.

All in dreams the mother seeth,

And more had seen in sleep,

But she wakened from her slumbers—

The dog he howled so deep.

There lay stretched out before her,

Her son—and he was dead !
On his pale cheek was playing
The tender morning red.

His hands the mother folded,

She knew him dead to be,

Then sang devout and softly,

“ Oh, Mary, praise to thee !”

MARIA LOWEL.

136

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ONE OF THE “ UPPER TEN THOUSAND.”

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

137

THE GREAT TOWER OF TARUDANT.

BY ROBERT OLIVER.

(Continued from page 119.)

Swiftly his noble steed bore him on, all that day and during
the succeeding night. Much they suffered from hunger and
thirst, but they were stouthearted and patient, and they quail-
ed not nor flagged until mom came, the fresh and fragrant
mom, when the king found himself at no great distance from
a well, around which were growing palm trees and green
and tender herbage. Joyfully he led his good horse to the
water, and taking off his trappings turned him loose to feed
and bask amid the delicious grass. He then slaked his own
thirst, plucked and ate some of the dates that hung above
his head, and sat down to rest and contemplated the scene
before him.

The well was full of beautiful clear water, but of such
depth that the king could by no means perceive the bottom,
but only far down a darkness deepening to intense obscurity.
It was covered by a light and elegant dome of simple archi-
tecture, whose cieling was adorned with silver stars, and in
the midst an image of the moon, which were constantly re-
flected in the still, transparent fluid beneath. The dome was
supported by sixteen octagonal pillars of white marble where-
on were engraved in letters of gold the holy words of the
Koran. The tall and thickly tufted palms so completely
sheltered the building, that even at noonday, when the sur-
rounding desert glowed like a furnace, it was cool and plea-
sant beneath that graceful roof.

In this sweet place the king remained three days; each
day drinking of the refreshing water and eating of the nou-
rishing dates. In the cool of the morning he rode about on
the sand to exercise his horse, and the rest of the day em-
ployed in reading the words engraven on the pillars and in
meditating on their meaning. At night he prayed and slept
beneath the dome.

On the morning of the fourth day feeling much invigorated
and full of hope, he resolved to depart, though loth to quit
so delightful a dwelling-place. His heart was cheered and
his mind strengthened by the words he had read on the pil-
lars, and the future gave him no anxiety. Having saddled
his horse he approached the well and knelt down to return
thanks to Allah and drink a parting draught. During each
hour of his sojourn the water of the well had been growing
clearer and clearer, and he now saw to an immense depth,
though no glimpse of the bottom could yet be obtained. As
he gazed downwards farther than ever before, he was startled
to perceive the water troubled, and presently with amaze-
ment, but also with delight, he beheld emerge from the well
a female figure, habited in a beautiful blue garment, spangled
with silver stars. About her neck was a string of pearls,
and on her head a silver crescent like the rising moon. In
her right hand was a wand, also of silver. Her form was
commanding, though elegant, and her countenance lovely in
feature, but cold and pale, no trace of color being visible.

She looked upon Abdallah for a moment, and then said:—
“ You have been long expected, king of Tarudant, and are
now well prepared. I am ready to be your guide.”

“ Who and what art thou ?” inquired the monarch, as
soon as his astonishment would suffer him to speak.

“ I am a fairy who for ages have dwelt at the bottom of
this well, which never before was visited by mortal to whom
I could reveal myself. Notwithstanding my seclusion, I
know your history and your present condition. Trust to my
guidance and you will be restored to your kingdom, and the
false magician cast down from his bad eminence."

There was something in the appearance of the fairy that
commanded the king’s confidence, though he could not divest
himself of a feeling of awe at her presence, and though she
addressed him with a grave coldness, that bordered on auste-
rity. Joy flowed into his heart with her words, and he
warmly expressed his willingness to submit to her control.
She continued:

“ Upon a mountain in the east, in the mighty Atlas chain,
dwells a twin sister of mine, without whose assistance I can
do little, with it, almost everything. First of all, we must
seek her abode, which is distant and difficult of access. The
way is toilsome and beset with dangers—are you ready to
pursue it?"

“ I will go with you to the ends of the earth, O beautiful

and benign fairy! Cheered by the light of your presence, I
can endure all toils and defy all dangers.”

“ Come, then. Light indeed will be the toils I spoke of,
and harmless the dangers, if you steadfastly abide with me,
and yield willing obedience to my counsels ; but turn aside
or falter in your faith and you are lost forever.”

She then gave him a silver bottle filled with water from
the well, and a sack in which to put dates for himself and
grass for his horse. They left the dome together and com-
menced their journey over the desert, the fairy gliding light-
ly along beside him. Said the king, glancing at the sur-
rounding barrenness—“Why do you not, O wise and power-
ful fairy, make use of the water of your well to fertilize this
desert, to clothe it with beautiful vegetation, and people it
with happy inhabitants ?”

“I care nothing for the things you speak of,” coldly re-
plied the fairy, “ I leave them to the sister we are seeking,
whose whole delight is in such like works. My pleasure is
to sit still at the bottom of my well in the clear, cool water,
and contemplate the moon and stars and graven words above.”

This answer seemed strange to the king, “ for why,” said
he to himself, “ if she delights not in deeds of benevolence,
has she taken me under her protection and engaged to guide
me on a long and perilous journey, having for its end the re-
covery of my kingdom ?” But a certain awe restrained him
from speaking his thought, though he more than suspected
that silence could not conceal it from the fairy.

On they went for many days and nights, and Abdallah
soon found to his great astonishment that he need take no
thought for what he should eat, or what he should drink,
nor for the sustenance of the good steed whereon he rode.
The bottle of water and the sack of dates and grass which
the fairy had given him, proved to be endowed with the most
marvellous qualities; use did not diminish their contents, nor
did time and heat despoil them of their freshness. This
miracle inspired him with confidence in his wondrous guide,
so strong that he felt nothing could ever shake it. Hence-
forth he proceeded with a heart still lighter, and a mind still
more assured.

On the morning of the fourth day, soon after sunrise, as
they were passing through a valley bounded by low hills of
sand, a loud roaring was heard upon their left, so sudden and
so frightful that the king’s hair stood straight upon his head,
and his horse sprung aside with a start that nearly unseated
the rider. In an instant after, six monstrous leopards came
leaping over the hillock and fell upon Abdallah, whose first
impulse was to draw his sabre and defend himself; but im-
mediately remembering his guide and protectress, whom the
leopards did not seem to see, he turned to her with a look
of confident appeal. She smiled, and waved her silver wand.
The beasts, one of whom had already fastened his claws up-
on the horse, were struck with furious madness; quitting
their expected prey, they rushed down the valley, tearing
each other as they went and filling the air with howls of
rage and pain, till they were lost to view in the desert.

“Had you trusted alone to your own arm,” said the fairy,
when the king’s look returned from following the leopards to
fall with gratitude upon her face, “ they would have torn
you limb from limb; earth breeds no fiercer beasts than they,
and your weapon would have been but as a straw against
their strength.”

“Words cannot express my thankfulness, O blessed fairy,
for this deliverance; but see, my poor horse is dreadfully
wounded—what can I do to relieve him ?”

“Wash the wound with water from the silver bottle.”
The king did so, and when the blood was cleared away, the
fairy passed her hand over the place and instantly the horse
was healed, as sound and strong as ever.

They proceeded on their way, and Abdallah, rendered vig-
ilant by this encounter, kept wary watch on all sides, but
perceived nothing alarming until just at high noon his glance
fell upon a strangely shaped shadow flitting over the sand.
Surprised at this, for the sky of the desert had been hitherto
cloudless, he looked up to ascertain the cause, and beheld
one of the monstrous green birds that he had last seen flying
to and fro in the smoke of the tower, coming down directly
over his head, with a large tortoise clutched in its talons.
When the monster saw that it was seen, it screamed with
baffled rage and let fall the tortoise, which would have
crushed the king to earth had he not spurred his horse aside
just in time to avoid the missile. It struck where he had
stood with such force as to sink deep into the sand.

138

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

The king looked around for the fairy, but she was nowhere
to be seen. He had no lime to be amazed at her disappear-
ance, for the bird had descended almost as quickly as the
tortoise, and was rushing at him with its seven heads
stretched greedily forwards, and its mighty wings beating
the air with such force that the sand flew up as if raised by
a whirlwind. Retreat was impossible. Nerving himself
with a brief prayer to Allah, the king drew his sabre and
awaited the onset. He scarcely hoped that his horse would
endure the sight of so terrible a creature ; but the good steed
bravely faced the monster, which in an instant was upon them
and seized the king’s left arm with one of its beaks, while
with the others it strove to pluck out his eyes and those of
the horse. At a blow Abdallah struck off the head that grip-
ed his arm. The blood spouted forth like a fountain, and
the screams of the bird rang far and wide through the desert,
startling the wild beasts in their lairs, and arousing a thou-
sand answering roars. Mad with pain and fury, the monster
grasped with all its remaining beaks the arm that had inflict-
ed the wound, and would have torn it off, but just then a
dove appeared, flying downwards, and alighted upon the
head of the king’s horse—a small white dove with coral-
colored feet and eyes of ruby hue.

INDIAN NAMES OF THE ISLANDS AND BAY OF NEW YORK.

BY H. R. SCHOOLCRAFT.

The first name, which occurs, is that of the Hudson river.
It does not appear that the discoverer thought of giving it
his own name. In the narrative of his voyage, it is called
the Great River of the Mountains, or simply the Great river.
This term was simply translated by his employers, the ser-
vants of the Dutch West India Company, who, on the
early maps of Nova Belgica, called it Groote Riviere. It
was afterwards called Nassau, after the reigning House, but
this name was not persevered in. After a subsequent time,
they gave it the name of Mauritius, after Prince Maurice, but
this name, if it was ever much in vogue, either did not pre-
vail against, or was early exchanged for the popular term of
North River—a name which it emphatically bore to distin-
guish it from the Lenapihittuck or Delaware, which they
called South river. [Zuydt Rivier.] That the name of
Mauritius was but partially introduced, is indicated by the
reply made by the New England authorities to a letter res-
pecting boundaries of Gov. Kieft, in 1646, in which they
declare, in answer to his complaint of encroachments on its
settlements, their entire ignorance of any river bearing this
name.

Neither of the Indian names by which it was called, ap-
pear to have found much favor. The Mohegans called it
Shatemuc. Shaita, in the cognate dialect of the Odjibwa,
means a pelican. It cannot be affirmed, to denote the same
object in this dialect, nor is it known that the pelican has ev-
er been seen on this river. Uc is the ordinary inflection for
locality. The Mincees, occupying the west banks, called it
Mohegan-ittuck. The syllable itt, before uck, is one of the
most transitive forms, by which the action of the nominative
is engrafted upon the objective, without communicating any
new meaning. The signification of the term is, Mohegan
river. The Iroquois, (as given bv the interpreter John
Bleecker, and communicated by the late Dr. Samnel L.
Mitchell in a letter to Dr. Miller in 1811,) called Ca ho ha
ta tè a,—that is to say, if we have apprehended the word,
the "real river having mountains beyond the Cahoh or Cahoes
Falls.

The three prominent Indian names for the Hudson are
therefore the Mohegan, the Chatemuc, and the Cahotatea.

The river appears also to have been also called, by other
tribes of the Iroquois confederacy, Sanataty. The word
ataty, here, is the same written atatea, above, and is des-
criptive of various scenes according to its prefix. The En-
glish first named the river, the Hudson, after the surrender
of the colony in 1664. It does not appear, under this name,
in any Dutch work or record, which has been examined. It
may be observed, that the term has not exclusively prevailed
to the present day, among New Yorkers in the river counties,
where the name of North River is still popular. It will be
recollected, as a proof of the prevailing custom, that Fulton
called bis first boat, to test the triumph of steam, “The
North River."

If the river failed to bear to future times, either of its
original names, the island, as the nominative of the city,
was equally unfortunate, the more so it is conceived, as the
name of the city became the name of the state. Regret has
been expressed, that some one of the sonorous anil appro-
priate Indian names of the west, had not been chosen to des-
ignate the state. The colonists were but little regardful of
questions of this kind. Both the Dutch in 1609 and the En-
glish in 1665, came with precisely the same force of national
prepossession—the first in favor of Amsterdam, and the sec-
ond in favor of New York—both connected with the belit-
tling adjective “New.” It is characteristic of the English,
that they have sought to perpetuate the remembrance of
their victories, conquests and discoveries, by these geograph-
ical names. And the word New York, if it redound less to
their military or naval glory, than Blenheim, Trafalgar and
Waterloo may be cited to show, that there was an early de-
veloped trait of character of the English, abroad as
well as at home. It would be well, indeed, if their de-
scendants in America had been a little more alive to the in-
fluence of this trait. Those who love the land, and cherish
its nationalities, would at least have been spared, in witness-
ing the growth and development of this great city, the con-
tinued repetition of foreign, petty or vulgar names, for our
streets and squares and public resorts, while such names as
Saratoga and Ticonderoga, Niagara and Ontario, Iosco and
Owasco, are never thought of.

The Indians called the Island Mon-a-ton—dropping the
locol inflection uk. The word is variously written by early
writers. The sound as pronounced to me in 1827 by Metox-
on, a Mohegan chief, is Mon ah tan uk, a phrase which is
descriptive of the whirlpool of Hellgate. Mon or man, as
here written, is the radix of the adjective bad, carrying as it
does, in its multiplied forms, the various meanings of violent,
dangerous, &c., when applied in compounds. Ah tun, is a
generic term for a channel, or stream of running water. Uk,
denotes locality, and also plurality. When the tribe has thus
denoted this passage, which is confessedly the most striking
and characteristic geographical feature of the region, they
called the island near it, to imply the Anglicised term,
Man-hat-tan, and themselves Mon-a-tuns, that is to say,
“ People of the Whirlpool.” It is well known that the In-
dian tribes, have, generally, taken their distinctive names
from geographical features. The Narragansetts, as we are
told by Roger Williams, took that name, from a small island
off the coast. Massachusetts, according to the same author-
ity, signifies the Blue Hills, and is derived from the appear-
ance of lands at sea. Mississaga, signifies they live at the
mouth of a large river, and by an inflection, the people who
live at the mouth of the large river or waters. Onondaga,
means the people who live on the hill. Oneida, the peo-
ple who sprang from a rock, &c. These names afford no
clue to nationality, they preserve no ethnological chain.

The tradition that this island derives its name from the
accidental circumstance of the intoxication of the Indians on
Hudson’s first visit, in 1609, is a sheer inference, unsupport-
ed by philology. That the tradition of such an event was
preserved and related to the early missionaries by the Mohe-
gan Indians, admits of no doubt, nor is there more, that the
island was referred to as the place where their ancestors first
obtained the taste of ardent spirits. That the island had no
name prior to 1609, or if well known by a characteristic
name, that this elder name was then dropped and a new
name bestowed, in allusion to this circumstance of the intox-
ication, is not only improbable, on known principles, but is
wholly unsustained, as will have been perceived by the above
etymology. The word for intoxication, or dizziness from
drink, in the Algonquin, and with little change in all the
cognate dialects, is Ke wush kwä bee. The verb to drink in
the same dialects is Min e kwä, in the Mohegan “ Minahn”
—words having none of the necessary elements of this com-
pound. Very great care is, indeed, required in recording In-
dian words, to be certain that the word given, is actually ex-
pressive of the object of inquiry. Some curious and amusing
examples of mistakes of this kind might be given, did it com-
port with the limits of this report.

There were several Indian villages, or places of resort, on
the island of Mon-à-tun, for which the original names have
survived. The extreme point of land, between the junction
of the East and North rivers, of which the Battery is now a
part, was called Kapsee—and within the memory of persons
still living was known as “ the Copsie point"—a term which

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

139

appears to denote a safe place of landing, formed by eddy
waters. There was a village called Sapokanican, on the
shores of the Hudson, at the present site of Greenwich.
Corlear’s Hook was called Naghtogok. The particle took,
here, denotes sand. A tract of meadow land on the north
end of the island, near Kingsbridge, was called Muscoota,
that is, meadow or grass land. Warpoes was a term be-
stowed on a piece of elevated ground, situated above and
beyond the small lake or pond called the Kolck. This
term is, apparently, a derivative from Wawbose, a hare.

The islands around the city had their appropriate names.
Long Island was called Metòac, after the name of the Me-
tòacks, the principal tribe located on it. It is thus called by
Van Der Donck in 1656, and in all the subsequent maps of
authority, dowa to Evans’, in 1775. Smith calls it Meit-
owacks. In Gov. Clinton’s discourse, it is printed Meilo-
wacks, but this is evidently a typographical error.

Staten Island, we are informed by De Vries, was occupied
by the Mon-a-tans, who called it Monocknong with a verbal
prefix. The termination is ong, denotes locality. Manon is
the ironwood tree, ack denotes a tree, or trunk, and admits
a prefix from “ manadud,” bad. By inquiry it does not ap-
pear that the Ironwood, although present, ever existed in
sufficient abundance to render the name from that character-
istic. The other, it is too late to investigate. It is believed
the expression had an implied meaning, and denoted the
Haunted Woods.

Thus far the colonial maps and records, so far as they have
fallen under the committee’s notice. The vocabulary of the
Mohegans affords, however, a few other terms, the applica-
tion of which may be well assumed from their etymology.
Of this kind is the term Naosh, for Sandy Hook, meaning a
point surpassing others. Minnisais, or the lesser island, for
Bedlow’s island ; and Kioshk, or Gull island, for Ellis’s island.
The heights of Brooklyn are graphically described in the
term Ihpetonga ; that is, high sandy banks.

The geological structure of the island was such as to bring
it to a much narrower point, than it now occupies. By the
recent excavations for the foundations of Trinity Church, and
the commercial buildings on the site of the Old Presbyterian
Church in Wall-street, the principal stratum is seen to be of
coarse grey sea sand, capped with a similar soil, mixed with
vegetable mould and feruginous oxide. From the make of
the land, the Indian path, on the Trinity plateau, forked at
the foot of the Park, and proceeded east of the small lake
called the Kolck [Agieҫon] to the rise of ground at Chatham
square. Here, or not far from it, was the eminence called
Warpoes, probably the site of a village, and so named from
its chief. The stream and marsh existing where Canal street
now runs, gave this eastern tendency to the main path. At
or beyond Warpoes, another fork in the path became neces-
sary to reach the banks of the Hudson at the Indian village
of Lapinikan, now Greenwich. In this route laid the emi-
nence Ishpatena, late Richmond Hill, at the corner of Charl-
ton and Varick streets. The path leading from the inter-
junction at Warpoes, or Chatham square, to Nahtonk, or
Corlear’s Hook, had no intermediate village, of which the
name has survived. This portion of the island was covered
with a fine forest of nut wood, oaks, and other hard-wood
species, interspersed with grassy glades, about the sites of the
Indian villages. The upper part of the island was densely
wooded. Above Fortieth street it was unfavorable for any
purpose but hunting, and much of the middle part of it, as
between Fifth and Eighth Avenues, was either shoe-deep
under water or naturally swampy. This arose, as is seen at
this day, from a clayey stratum, which retains the moisture,
whereas the whole island below this location, particularly
below the brow of the sycnitic formation of Thirty-seventh
street, &c., consisted of gravel and sand, which absorbed the
moisture and rendered it the most favorable site for building
and occupation. On the margin of the Hudson, the water
reached, tradition tells us, to Greenwich street. There is a
yellow painted wooden house still standing at the northeast
corner of Courtland and Greenwich streets, which had the
waternear toil. Similar tradition assures us that Broadstreet
was the site of a marsh, and small creek. The same may
be said of the foot of Maiden lane, once Fly Market, and of
the outlet of the Muskeeg or Swamp, now Ferry street.
Pearl street marked the winding margin of the East river.
Foundations dug here reach the ancient banks of oyster
shells. Ashibic denotes the probable narrow ridge or ancient
cliff north of Beekman street, which bounded the marsh

below. Ocitoc is a term for the heighth of land in
Broadway, at Niblo’s ; Abic, a rock rising up in the Battery ;
Penabic, Mt. Washington, or the Comb mountain. These
notices, drawn from philology, and, in part, the earlier geo-
graphical accounts of New Belgium, might be extended to a
few other points, which are clearly denoted ; but are deemed
sufficient to sustain the conclusions, which we have arrived
at, that the main configuration of the leading thoroughfares
of the city, from the ancient canoe-place at Copsie or the
Battery, extending north to the Park, and thence to Chatham
square and the Bowery, and west to Tivoli Garden, &c.,
were ancient roads, in the early times of Holland supremacy,
which followed the psimary Indian foot-paths.

Governor’s island bore the name of Nut island, during the
Holland supremacy, in Dutch Nutten ; but whether, as is
suspected, this was a translation of the Indian Pecanuc, or

"nut-trees,” is not certain. As a general remark, it may be
said that the names of the Mon-à-tons, or Manhattanese,
were not euphonous, certainly less so than those of the Dela-
wares or Iroquois.

GRAHAM'S MAGAZINE,

Whatever may be the merits or demerits, generally, of
the Magazine literature of America, there can be no ques-
tion as to its extent or its influence. The topic—Magazine
literature—is therefore, an important one. In a few years its
importance will be found to have increased in geometrical
ratio. The whole tendency of the age is Magazine-ward.
The quarterly reviews have never been popular. Not only
are they too stilted (by way of keeping up a due dignity ), but
they make a point, for the same reason, of discussing only
topics which are caviare to the many, and which, for the
most part, have only a conventional interest, even with the
few. Their issues, also, are at too long intervals: their
subjects get cold before being served up. In a word, their
ponderosity is quite out of keeping with the movement--with
the rush of the age. We now demand the light artillery of
the intellect: we need the curt, the condensed, the pointed
the readily diffused—in place of the verbose, the detailed,'
the voluminous, the inaccessible. On the other hand, the
lightness of the artillery must not degenerate into pop-gun-
nery—by which character we may designate the character
of the greater portion of the newspaper press; whose sole
legitimate object is the discussion of ephemeral matters in an
ephemeral manner. Whatever talent may be brought to bear
upon our daily journals, (and in many cases this talent is very
great) still the imperative necessity of catching, currente
calamo, every topic as it flits before the eye of the public
must, of course, materially narrow the limits of their power.
The bulk, and the period of issue of the Monthly Magazine
seem to be precisely adapted, if not to all the literary wants
of the day, at least to the largest and most imperative as
well as the most consequential portion of them.

With these views, we shall, of course, regard attentively
all that concerns our Magazines. It is our design to treat
this class of journals with a consideration to which hitherto
they have been unaccustomed. We propose neither to be
laud nor to abuse them ; but in regarding them as the most
important arenas for our literary men, we shall be pardoned
for sweeping them clean of all that is adventitious.

Keeping these intentions in mind, as points to be accom-
plished in the future, we shall content ourselves, this Week
with a few observations, at random, on the March number of
Graham’s Magazine—reserving its general character, as well

as the general character of its class, for more deliberate in-
vestigation hereafter.

The two first plates are capitally designed and engraved;
the “Dacota Woman and Assiniboin Girl,” in especial is
worthy of all commendation. No annual has been issued in

140

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

America which might not have been proud of these illustra-
tions. The third plate, called the “ Love-Letter,” is dis-
graceful in every respect. The flesh of the woman is sheep’s
wool, and the hand holding the love-missive, has the air of
having been carved by a very small child, with a dull knife,
from a raw potato. The essay on Egotism is well written
and pointed. Miss Sedgwick’s “ Incidents at Rome” is only
mediocre; it has little either of force or novelty. Mr.
Simms’ “ Boatman's Revenge” is a spirited tale, by one of our
best narrators of similar things—a man whose literary inter-
ests have suffered by too pertinacious a residence in the
South. Mr. Simms is full of fault, but he has a true vigor
which more than redeems it. The division of his present
story into chapters is without meaning, and has a stiffness
which is objectionable. “ Serenading” is only so-so. “ Lucy
Dutton,” by Fanny Forrester, is gracefully told. “Foreign
Mysteries,” by Grund, and “ Carry Carlisle” by Mrs. Osgood,
are the best contributed prose articles in the number; the
latter piece embodying also some of the best poetry. The
editorial criticisms of “ Graham” are in general vigorous and
pungent—but the notice of “ Lowell’s Conversations” in the
present number, by no means does justice, we think, to the
very great and peculiar abilities of the author reviewed.

THE LOST BOY.

We find the following, remarkable story in the New York
Evangelist of last week, without any indication of the source
whence it was derived. But it has all the appearance of
truth, and all the strangeness of fiction; it is a novel incident
in American life, which somebody or other will doubtlesss
make the foundation of a tale.

In 1835, Mr. Ammi Filley, of Windsor, Ct., removed with his family
to the town of Jackson, in the State of Michigan. In this town,
then a wilderness, he located himself, and by his industry and econo-
my he soon found himself in the possession of a productive and profit-
able farm; and by the accession of settlers, the town became populous
and flourishing. Although in the vicinity of various tribes of savages,
and often visited by wandering families of the natives, all was peace
and quietness, and every thing conspired to render their abode
pleasant and happy.

On the 3d of August, 1837, his little son, then a child of four years
old went out to a swamp in the vicinity of their dwelling, with a
hired girl, to gather whortleberries. The swamp was in the direction
from Mr. Filley’s to the dwelling of Mr. Mount, the father of the girl,
whither they expected to go to spend the night—and the scene of
their toil was about a mile from the house of the former, and some
twenty or thirty rods from the dwelling of the latter. Having satisfied
himself with picking berries, the child displayed a desire to return,
whereupon the girl conducted him to the road, and placed him in the
direction to the house of Mr. Mount—not doubting, as the house was
in plain sight, and only a few rods distant, but the little fellow would
reach it in perfect safety.	

The girl returned to the swamp, and after completing her supply of
berries, went home to the house offer father, and found to her aston-
ishment, as well as that of the family, that William had not arrived.
Notice was immediately given to the parents, an alarm given through
the settlement, and the whole population rushed at once to the assist-
ance and relief of the almost distracted parents. Day and night, for
more than a week, the whole country, in every direction, to an extent
of more than twenty miles, was searched with untiring vigilance.
Every pond and stream of water was examined and dragged—and
every rod of ground scrutinized, for many successive days, but no trace
could be discovered of the absent child.

As suspicions were entertained that foul play had been practised by
the Indians, inquiries were made of the different tribes and families
in the vicinity, and pecuniary offers tendered to their chiefs and influ-
ential men, and Mr. Filley himself traversed for months the wilds of
Michigan, Wisconsin and Iowa, but his efforts proved vain. No dis-
covery could be made, and no tidings had, and he returned to his
broken-hearted family, with the sad reflection that his William was
lost!

For seven long years this stricken family endured the agony of an
affliction which seldom falls to the lot of human nature to submit to—
“ months of vanity and wearisome nights were appointed to them.”

Since the decease of his wife. Mr. Filley has visited Connecticut, the
place of his nativity, and while here, by a mysterious course of events
beyond the comprehension of human wisdom to fathom, his long lost
child has appeared and been restored to his embraces.

It seems that the lad, before reaching the house of Mr. Mount, was
overtaken and kidnapped by a band of Indians, who in their wander-
ings happened to pass that way. In this family he lived, and travelled
with them in all their movements, from the time he was captured until
the autumn of 1843.

About this time his family visited Albany, N. Y., and while there
this white child was discovered among them. The municipal authori-
ties of the city becoming acquainted with the circumstance, at once
caused their arrest, and took measures to compel them to disclose the
means by which they became possessed of the child. They were al-
ternately flattered and threatened, but no disclosure could be obtained,
as they seemed resolved to submit to any punishment rather than
make any communication by which the paternity of the child could
be ascertained. They were therefore discharged, and the child very
humanely placed in the Orphan Asylum.

Subsequently, in the spring of 1844, Mr. Cowles, of Tolland, Mass.,
being in want of a boy in his family, was recommended to this place,
and furnished with this lad, whom he brought home with him to his
residence in Tolland.

In the month of December last, a most marvellous concurrence of
circumstances, the facts in relation to this boy, so far as it concerned
the transactions at Albany, came to the knowledge of the Rev. Dr.
Cooley of Granville. The Dr. having frequently heard the circum-
stances under which the child was lost, immediately communicated
the intelligence he had obtained to Mr. Marvin, the grandfather of the
child, and he without loss of time, made known the tidings to Mr.
Filley, who was then with his friends in Connecticut. From the know-
ledge thus obtained, Mr. Filley visited Mr. Cowles in Tolland, with
whom the lad then resided.

Although time and exposure had somewhat obliterated the fair fea-
tures of his youth, his personal appearance was the counterpart of the
other members of his family. His size, his age, the complexion of his
eyes and hair, and all his prominent characteristics indicated those of
his child; arid upon appealing to a known scar upon his hand, and ex-
amining an indubitable mark in the hair of his head, his identity was
fully recognized; and in the joy of his heart he pressed to his bosom
his long lost son.

From the story of the boy it appears that he has constantly resided
in the same family, which consisted of four Indians—Paul Pye, Phebe
Anne Pye, his wife, Martha Anne Pye, their daughter, and Thomas
Williams, an inmate of the family. They adopted him as their son,
and he was taught and believed that Paul and Phebe Aon were his
parents, and Martha his sister. He supposed himself an Indian boy,
and was nor aware of any difference of complexion, or distinction of
nature, until his deliverance at Albany. He has an indistinct recollec-
tion of attending school, but when or where he knows not.

This seems to be the only remaining fact in his memory that he can
recognize as having transpired prior to his capture, and he does not
seem to associate this with any other fact indicative of his home, ex-
cept that he did not go to school with the Indians.

He recollects living near Detroit, Utica, Brothertown, Catskill and
Hudson, and several months at Hillsdale, N. Y. In all their wander-
ings in summer and winter he travelled barefoot, suffering in winter
from cold, and at all times from hunger and fatigue ; but his Indian
sister, like a second Pocahontas, took unwearied pains to mitigate his
sufferings and make his captivity endurable.

Although he cannot recognize his new friends, yet he rejoices that
he has found a permanent home in a land of civilization, and all parties
feel it their duty to render their grateful thanks to the author of all
good for this marvellous dispensation of Providence.

THE CONCERT ROOM.

MR. GEORGE LODER'S CONCERT.

This much talked-of and long expected Concert was given at the
Apollo Saloon on Saturday evening last. The appearance of the wea-
ther had for several days indicated rain, but the promise was not fill-
filled until about an hour, or so, before the Concert commenced, when
it fell heavily. It was very unfortunate, and almost destructive to Mr.
Loder’s hopes and just expectations. However, despite the storm,
some five or six hundred persons assembled, and among them many of
onr first citizens, and most accomplished amateurs.

The performance commenced with Mendelssohn’s Lobegesang,
performed by about one hundred and twenty instruments and voices:
most of them were picked artists, chosen for their professional capa-
bility.

The Lobegesang is a Sinfonia-Cantata, consisting of three move-
ments for the instruments—an Allegro, an Allegretto Agitato, and an
Adagio, which are followed by choruses, duetts, and solos. The first
movement is in B flat, in which the work also ends, and commences
with two bars for the Trombone, in which is developed the leading
idea,the prominent thought, which is wonderfully elaborated in this
movement, and stands out in bold relief in almost every other piece,
and is the phrase in the work. We might almost say that the Lobe-
gesang is a work of one idea, embodying in music the following words
—All that has life and breath, sing to the Lord—for the countless
exquisite thoughts which crowd the composition, are to that one
thought secondary and subservient. The subject of the Allegro we
take to be the voice of Faith proclaiming aloud—“ Sing to the Lord."
This lofty and elevating strain is broken in upon by a melody of exqui-
site beauty, hopeful and trusting in its sentiment, and symbolical of
simple but earnest adoration, but ever and anon, the stern and un-
yielding phrase—“ Sing to the Lord”—bursts forth as warning to the
wavering and confimation to the believer. This movement is great in

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

141

its design and is instrumented most massively, and yet with a variety
which precludes all feeling of weariness. A few bars at its close in-
troduces us to the second movement, Andante Agitato, which for the
beauty of its melody, its tearful and plaintive sorrow, agitated and
doubting, its exquisitely varied treatment for the orchestra, has no
parallel in instrumental writing. To compare the great in design,
with the comparatively trifling, it reminds us of that exquisite weeping
song “ L’Hoperduta me meschina” in Mozart’s La Nozze de Figaro. In
the midst of this heart thrilling movement, the voice of Faith is heard
saying in commanding tones, “ Sing to the Lord.” But the mourner,
wrapped in his sorrow as in a shroud, would not be comforted; again
and again the voice was heard, and lo! unable to resist its stem con-
trol, the heart which grief had hardened, bows down in supplication
and in prayer. The penitent and prayerful spirit is exquisitely pour-
trayed in the Adagio Religioso. It is a most lovely movement; grati-
tude, devotion, and faith break forth in every phrase in the measure.

This Sinfonia was admirably executed; each one in the band
seemed to vie with the other in the endeavor to produce something
as near perfection as possible. The violins were too lew, as is usual
in Amercan orchestras, but these few were firm and drew a vigorous
bow. Messrs. Marks and Tyte are equal to any four men.

It is impossible, we find, to notice this great work in detail, as it
was our intention to have done, we must, therefore, content ourselves
with mentioning a few of the prominent beauties. The recit. and aria,
by Signor Antognini, Sing ye praise, and the chorus, All ye that cried
unto the Lord ; duetto, Mrs. E. Loderand Miss Watson, I waited for
the Lord, and chorus, O blessed are they, and the duett, Mrs. Loder
and Sig. Antognini, My song shall be therefore, Thy Mercy, are such of
the work as will be most felt by the public, for they are truly surfeited
with beauty. The three great chorusses are, however, the first, fourth,
and sixth.

The chorusses were admirably performed, every point was taken up
with firmness and precision, and a body of sound produced altogether
disproportioned to the small body of singers. But difficulties become
easy when the true spirit animates us in the struggle.

Mrs. E. Loder has received so much praise on every hand for her
beautiful and chaste execution of this difficult and classical music, that
we need not make any further comment. Miss Watson also acquitted
herself to the satisfaction of all, and received in the second Act, the
heartiest applause of the evening, for her chaste and simple style of
singing an admired ballad.

Signor Antognini sang some of the music of the Lobegesang with
much taste and expression, but his style is neither suited to our verna-
cular, nor to the music of Mendelssohn. The genius of the German
music is entirely opposed to the Italian school; there is no one point
of union ; not even a half-way house. The Italian finds himself fet-
tered by the music, and his style either becomes heavy and strained,
or the poor music becomes unmercifully ostracised. Signor Antognini,
however, did admirably, considering that he is not familiar with the
language, and less familiar with the music.

The Offertorium, by Henri Vieuxtemps, contains some passages of
beauty, but we do not much admire it. It is an attempt to imitate the
strict school of writing, but in attempting this, he has not only imita-
ted the school, but the masters. Mozart has contributed largely to
the Offertorium. As a vocal composition, it proves that M. Vieux-
temps is unaccustomed to write for voices, and though the union with
the full orchestra renders the effect somewhat imposing, we do not
think the work will add to the fame of the author.

To Mr. Loder we again give all praise and commendation. He con-
ducted throughout the evening with judgment and firmness, and proved
himself equal to the task he had undertaken. The cordial support and
assistance he met with from the best of his brother Professors, must
prove truly gratifying to him, as marking their respect and esteem.

The Lobegesang should be repeated at the Tabernacle, at Fifty Cents a
ticket, so that the people may have a chance lo hear one of the greatest com-
positions of the present day.

THE SACRED MUSIC SOCIETY.

On leaving the Tabernacle on Monday evening, we asked ourselves
if we had heard the Messiah ? The answer was, No ! Handel’s Mes-
siah, like Shakspeare’s plays, has become subject to travestie; the
levelling and depreciating spirit of the age has laid its slimy hand upon
it, and every chattering jay may libel in annotations, or emasculate by
interpolation or emendation. In days past, and yet so recently, that
the past is treading upon the hem of their retreating garment, in days
scarce past, we say, the Messiah of Handel, like the Iliad of Homer

or Paradise Lost of Milton, was looked upon as the great classical
epic, as the great musical epic, of time. It was held sacred; and
each one deemed it incumbent upon him, within his sphere, to pre-
serve it as much as possible, in its original and majestic purity. It
was then graciously conceded by liberal souls, that the composer of a
great work knew his own mind, and put down his conceptions as he
wished them executed, while the singer considered he had enough to do
to study to give effect and do justice to the composer’s manuscript. But
we have fallen upon better days ; the composer’s task is easy; he has
only to fashion the rough outline, and leave all the rest to the more
exquisite taste, extensive knowledge and profound judgment of the
singer, who is supposed of course to know a little more than singers
usually do; for instance, he or she must be able to tell the name of a
note when shewn to them, and also able to play the common chord in
two positions. These accomplishments, considering the education
usnally bestowed upon singers, would be acknowledged great. It will
be therefore perceived, that the singer is now the composer, and the
composer the drudge. “ The public is therefore respectfully informed
that the skeleton of the Messiah, by Handel, will be performed this
evening; the principal characters by the principal singers, who will
give an entire new version of this almost obsolete work, done up to suit
the times. N. B. The public may rest assured that no vestige of its
former classical style shall be allowed to remain. N. B. No. 2. Com-
posers can have their works altered and ornamented to suit the modem
taste and refinement, on the shortest notice. N. B. No. 3. Mendels-
shon cooked after the Italian style, to suit the taste of the “ Upper ten
thousand.” Such will be the announcements in future, we expect.
Such were our reflections on listening to the Messiah on Monday
evening. Of Madame Pico we have little to say. Unacquainted with
the language, and a stranger to the strict style of Handel’s school, we
expected but little, and we can only reiterate the general expression,
that Madame Pico did extremely well—considering. The contralto
songs lay very unfortunate for her, resting chiefly upon the middle part
of her voice, which is comparatively weak, and thereby contrasting
too strongly with her lower and stronger tones. Her ornaments were
out of place, and consequently in bad taste. Some portions of the
music she seemed to feel, and the few words she knew perfectly, she
gave with good emphasis. But we never wish to hear Handel after
the Italian fashion again.

Miss Northall has a very good quality of voice, but the upper region,
though clear, is thin, and has a tendency to extreme sharpness. She
should not attempt to extend her compass beyond A, for too many
voices arc ruined by a foolish ambition to possess an extensive com-
pass. The consequence is, that the whole scale becomes thinned
and weakened. With respect to Handel’s music, we state distinctly,
that Miss N. knows nothing of its sentiment, its style, its execution.
It cannot be sung unless it is felt and appreciated mentally. It cannot
be sung properly unless the singer has been trained up in a strictly
classical school, and has had constant opportunities of studying clas-
sical models. Respectable mediocrity may be attained without this
course, but no step higher. Miss Northall, on Monday evening, dis-
figured her music by a host of common-place cadences, hackneyed
closes and affected sentiment, produced by constantly slurring one note
into another, or by continued anticipation, faults of a most vicious
school. Her cadence at the close of Rejoice greatly was so ridiculous
and startling, that every body doubted the evidence of their senses.
We must now state, that we believe Miss Northall to possess good
capabilities both mentally and physically, and we feel assured that if
she will look more to nature, and strive to banish from her mind that
meretricious style which offends the judicious, and palls most rapidly
upon the multitude, we shall shortly have the pleasure of speaking
more in her praise, than we have ever said to her prejudice.

Mr. Jones executed his music with much taste. Some faults we
might find, but he stood so preeminently superior to all who sang that
evening, that we refrain from fault-finding, and are content to praise
most warmly.

Mr. Brough never did, never could, and never can sing any thing
that Handel ever wrote. We have warm respect for Mr. Brough as a
man but we beg of him, for the sake of all that is classical, to connect
himself entirely with the “ Monks of Old,” and such like ballads, and
quit the legitimate.

Mr. Meyer labors under many difficulties, and we feel that, con-
sidering the circumstances, we ought to refrain fom saying all we
know.

The chorusses were extremely inefficient. Each separate chorus
was rendered with no more of effect than an amateur church choir.
The tempo of every chorus was was by one half too slow; the trebles
were repeated out of tune; twenty well disciplined voices would have

142

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

completely drowned the entire mass. In short, we could scarcely re-
cognise the chorusses of Handel, so utterly were they devoid of the
spirit and the sentiment.

The band, though composed of good men, was totally inefficient;
indeed, we speak advisedly when we say, that a worse performance,
in relation to its advertised importance, we never witnessed in our
life.

We are sure that Mr. Hill will agree with us in all that we have
said. The only blame which attaches to Mr. Hill is this: as con-
ductor of the Society, he should not have allowed the performance to
take place, knowing, as we are sure a man of his experience must
know, that it could not redound to the credit of the Society. He re-
trieved the singers, the chorus and the band, by his steadiness. We
can only regret that he was not firm enough to prevent the Society
so disgracing itself.

We shall in a future number give some advice to the Government of
this Society, for it ought to be the greatest Society in the country.

The three thousand persons, including five hundred of the upper ten,
and twenty-five hundred extremely serious people, stated by the
Evening Mirror to have been present at Madame Pico’s Concert, have
dwindled down to some six or seven hundred. Verily these men in
buckram do multiply by the thousand.

MUSICAL REVIEW.

Works received from Oliver Ditson, 115 Washington St.,
Boston.

"The Christian Graces,” written by the Rev. J. Reynell Wreford,
F.S.A., composed by Stephen Glover. This is a sacred song well suit-
ed for a Sabbath evening. The poetry is very beautiful, breathing a
spirit of deep and pure devotion—penitential, yet hopeful. The mu-
sic is simple in its character, and, if it cannot be called original, it is
not offensively copied. The melody is flowing, and easy to be learn-
ed. In the fifth bar the B flat in the treble should be A sharp.

"Take back the Gems you gave me.” Composed by George Linley.
Mr. Linley is undoubtedly one of the pleasantest ballad writers of the
day. His songs are all singable, and we occasionally find much musi-
cian-like feeling in his writing. The ballad under notice is very pret-
ty—quite a drawing-room piece, and is one of the most teachable
ballads published for some time.

“ Dear Normandie.” Written and arranged by Stanhope Gordon.
This is a new arrangement of a well-known air. The words are very
pretty, and well adapted to the music. It is a very pleasing song. In
the fifth bar of the second page, the last note in the voice part should
be E instead of D. It has a handsome and well executed lithographic
frontispiece. The lady, however, in the foreground, if standing up,
would measure some seven feet six inches in height.

"The Rose of Tyrone.” Written by Mrs. Crawford, composed by
E. L. Hime. The words of this song are sentimental, but the music is
in the Rory O’More style, an imitation of the regular rollicking Irish
school. The music and the words, though wedded, are by no means
matched. The frontispiece is the portrait of the Rose of Tyrone, full
blown and bewitching.

"Beauties of L’Elisir d’Amore,” arranged for the piano forte by
S. F. Rimbault. This is a collection of very easy arrangements of the
most popular melodies from Donizetti’s well-known opera, the Elixir
of Love. The pieces are fingered throughout, and will prove popular
among beginners, serving as relaxation from severer studies.

FOR REVIEW.

From A. Fiot, 196 Chesnut St., Philadelphia, and W. Dubois, 315
Broadway, New York.

"Twelve Nouvelles Vocalises, pour Mezzo-Soprano, dediees a son
S. A. R. Madame La Duchesse de Nemours, par Marco Bordogni.”—
In two books.

"Abd-EI-Kader Quick Step,” for the piano forte, composed by J.
C. Viereck.	

"The Reproach” (Il Rimprovero), duettino, words translated from
Metastasio, by B. S. Barclay. The music by F. Florino.

“Le Tremolo, sur un Theme de Bethoven, pour le Piano Forte,
composee par Henri Herz.”

LITERARY NOTICES.

A Manual of Ancient and Modern History. By W. C. Taylor, L.L.D., M.R.
A.S., of Trinity College, Dublin. Revised, with a chapter on tne History
of the United Stain, by C. S. Henry, D.D., Profenaor of Philosophy and
History in the University of the City of New York. D. Appleton & Co.,
300 Broadway.

"The use of history is not to load the memory with facts, but to
store the mind with principles,” says Dr. Taylor, in his preface ; bat

if this were true, it would be an idle labor to compress a world of facts
into the compass that he has done in his manual; principles alone
would have answered a better purpose. But it is an unmeaning sen-
tence. The principles of history, like the principles of chemistry, are
facts: we have need of nothing else. Facts are to the mind what ma-
nure is to the soil—nothing of value will grow without them. How
absurd it would be for a man to talk of the philosophy of history,
whose memory was not well stored with facts. Happily for us, Dr.
Taylor has not acted on his own theory, but has given us as many
historical facts as could well be disposed of in 800 pages; and it is
this, not his principles, which gives so high a value to his manual.
There is yet no settled principle in regard to the best manner of pur-
suing historical studies ; aud it is not probable that there ever will be.
In nine cases out of ten, accident will guide the student in his choice
of books; and elegance of style more than any other cause, will gain
popularity for an historian. Some of the worst histories that have
been written, are the most popular ; indeed, a good history will stand
but little chance of popularity. If every man knew himself thorough-
ly, he would have need of no other knowledge of mankind, for his-
tory, which sounds so grand, is only an exceedingly imperfect account
of the lives of men precisely like ourselves; and whether they wore
crowns or tarpaulins, the particulars of their lives are alike valuable
as materials for philosophy. The life of any milliner in Broadway is
as good material for history as the life of Queen Anne. If the whole
plan of writing histories were reversed, and the quarrels and speeches
of corporals and hucksters from the earliest periods to the present
time were given, we should know as much of the philosophy of the
human mind as we do now. The most important fact to be gleaned
from the history of mankind, is whether or not the human mind has
improved since the creation ; and the only way to determine it is by
comparing man at the outset with man at the present. But history
can aid us but little here ; we must have a more reliable source than
the records which men make of each other. The true objects for the
student of humanity will be found in the monuments which men have
left of their habits, like foot prints in the Band, by which we ascertain
in what direction they have travelled. A comparison of the Astor
House with the pyramid of Cheops, if we but knew the uses to which
both buildings were put, will enable us to determine, better than any
history that has been written, whether the human mind has made any
advances during the last three thousand years.

But we are undesignedly uttering all manner of heterodoxies, when
we had only intended to call attention to the very valuable work un-
der notice, whose original value has been enhanced by an additional
chapter by Professor Henry, (we call him Professor, lest he be con-
founded with Dr. Henry, the historian of England,) on the history of
the United States, which brings down our history literally to the pre-
sent time, giving an account of President Tyler’s Texas message to
Congress.

The work is divided into ancient and modem history, the first part
beginning with the Egyptians and ending with the creation of the
Western empire, and a separate chapter on India. The second part
commences with the Gothic kingdom of Italy, and ends with the af-
fairs of yesterday. There are also separate chapters devoted to the
history of Colonization, the history of the Jews, and the history of
China.

As a manual of history it will be found one of the most useful, and
at the same time most readable compends, that have been published.

The Nune, or Life in a Convent, By one of the Sisterhood, first American

from the fifth London edition. Fanner & Daggers, 30 Ann st.

GENERAL INTELLIGENCE.

From Wiley and Putnam’s News letter for March.

AMERICAN LITERARY AGENCY,

6 Waterloo Place, London, Feb. 1, 1845.

Anastatic Printing—About five weeks since I had an opportunity
of seeing a practical experiment in this new and extraordinary pro-
cess ; but as the patentee’s arrangements were not then completed, he
did not wish to have the invention prematurely announced. The prac-
tical details—or as much of them as are explained—are given In the
Art Union for February. The invention is even more wonderful and
certainly more Important than that for reproducing line engravings,
as described in the January number of the same journal. It is suffi-
cient to say here, that I desired a copy to be made of the page of a
newspaper with three illustrations on wood, the inventor engraved the

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

143

page, type, cuts and all and gave him six copies in less than ten minutes !
the zinc plate thus engraved being capable of producing 20,000 im-
pressions, and then of being re-engraved, ad infinitum. Thus an oc-
tavo volume, with wood or steel illustrations to any extent, may be re-
produced in two or three days or less; and hundreds of thousands
struck off, equal in all respects to the original.

“ Dana’s System of Mineralogy,” has been reviewed at great length
in the new number of the North British Review, and the highest praise
awarded to it.

Lots of Theology.—At the sale of the first portion oi the
stock of the late eminent bookseller of London, Mr. John Bohn, there
were 5813 lots of theology, and in the other portions 30,000 lots.

Spontaneous Combustion of Guano.—This article is likely
to prove extra-hazardous. An English bark, returning from Ichaboe,
with a load of guano, was recently destroyed in consequence of the
spontaneous combustion of her cargo, which was caused by salt water
uniting with it. A volume of smoke arising from the hatchway warned
the crew of their danger. They look to the boats, and immediately a
tremendous explosion of the gas, engendered by the partially fired
guano, blew the stem out of the vessel, which then filled and sunk.

A New Poem by Arthur Cleavland Cox.—It was an-
nounced more than two years ago, that a sacred drama by the author
of "Athanasion,” entitled, "Saul, a mystery, in five acts,” would
soon appear. We now learn that it is in press, and will be published
by Parsons, of Hartford, and Wiley and Putnam, New York.

Saul was sketched six or seven years ago, and has since been care-
fully revised. The former productions of the author will gain for it
the attention of all lovers of poetry.

The Rev. Mr. Wright of Philadelphia, in a letter to the
Northern Whig, a Belfast newspaper, calls Mr. Tyler, a "Presidential
man-stealer,” and accuses him of selling his own children, according to
the Liverpool Times; but it is pretty generally known in this country
that Mr. Tyler could never have sold any of his offspring, at least his
male children, as it would be extremely difficult to find anybody willing
to purchase them.

Chirography.—The point of perfection in any art or
science is difficult to determine ; since almost every day heralds an
improvement in some department of practical knowledge. We think
however, that Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith’s system of instruction in pen
manship is as near perfection as can be attained in an art purely me-
chanical. His writing and flourishing have been submitted to the test
of comparison with those of his most accomplished rivals, and the re-
sult has been the award of five premiums to Mr. G. While thus stand-
in? at the head of his profession, Mr. Goldsmith has reduced his terms
below those of his compeers, and we observe that he now advertises
to give a course of lessons for $2,50, at his rooms, 189 Broadway.
As a matter of course his classes will, on such terms, fill up rapidly.
In the department of book-keeping, Mr. G. is assisted by Mr. W. T.
Plummer, who is thoroughly competent to give instruction in that
bunch of a business education.	

Mr. Disbrow’s Riding School.—We conceive that we are rendering
a service to the public, in recommending to their favorable notice the
Equestrian Academy of Mr. Wm. H. Disbrow. The manner in which
that establishment is conducted, the moderate charges, and the tout
ensemble of its internal arrangements cannot fail, when they become
known, to render the establishment eminently popular. The Ladies
have peculiar advantages in the schools, as the horses are broken ex-
pressly for their use, and as no possible accident can befal them. As
a teacher of horsemanship Mr. Disbrow is certainly unparalleled in this
city, at least; and all who may place themselves under his tuition,
will derive much valuable information relative to the management of
the horse. As the art of riding is daily becoming more necessary as
an accomplishment to both ladies and gentlemen, we would earnestly
recommend all who desire to become proficients in the art, to visit
Mr. Disbrow’s Menage.

Notices to Correspondents.—The communication by R. H.will ap-
pear next week ;  we shall be glad to hear from him often.

have taken the liberty to clip off a part of the letter from " Horace,”
because it contains a puff on ourselves: we have not the least repug-
nance to a puff, but we do not like the plan of helping to give one cur-
rency.

have ample reason to believe that we did the publisher of Graham’s
Magazine an injustice last week in respect to his paying contributors.

are assured that he has uniformly paid liberally where pay has
been asked, and that during the last three or four years he has paid
more  to American authors than any other publisher in the country.

OLIVER DITSON,

Dealer in all kinds of

SHEET MUSIC, MUSIC BOOKS,

and Second-hand Piano-Fortes.

NO. 115 WASHINGTON STREET, BOSTON.

M. DUMSDAY’S IMPROVED ACCORDEON.

THE ACCOMPANIMENT OF ALL ACCORDE-

ons heretofore has been confined to one key, in music. By applying the
above improvement, (on the bottom of the instrument.) we are enabled to
play accompaniments in various major and minor keys. The above im-
provement added to any Accordeon, having the large and small keys on
reasonable terms. Mr. D., professor of music, continues to teach ladies and
gentlemen of New York, at their residences, the following instruments, in a
scientific and modern style, in a very short time, by his new system of teach-
ing: Guitar and Singing, Accordeon, Violin, Trombone and Cornopean.
Terms moderate. Satisfactory city and other references given, on applica-
tion at No. &5 Chrystie st., above Walker.

FAMILY groups

TAKEN by Mons. EDOUART in an unique style pe-

culiarly his own,which has been patronized by the Crowned heads of Eu-
rope and the most distinguished families of America. Mons. E. begs to ob-
serve that his likenesses are true to nature, and that the manner he disposes
of the figures constituting his Family Group has always elicited the highest
commendation from eminent artists of both hemispheres The large num-
ber 0f groups in his possesion (which are for sale,) evince his natural talent.

A collection of 150,000 likenesses with autographs ap, ended, preserved in
hook, and large groupings of distinguished characters, are testimonials of his
unrivalled skill Those who wish to leave mementos to posterity should not
lose the present opportunity. A call at his exhibition room (free) will satisfy
all that these works are entirely unique and capable of resisting the destruc-
tive influences of time.—His Fireside Groups, representing the members of
families united, which union must be of short duration, separations occur-

ing by marriage, change of location and demise, can be faithfully preserved
in the works of Mons. Edouart, thus affording mementos to those remaining,
of time past, and to posterity, of ancestors long since departed.

Mons. E. leaves for Europe in a short time. An early visit from patrons
at No. 285 Broadway, near Granite Buddings, is solicited and will receive
immediate attention; or attendance at the family residence if required.

DISBROW’S RIDING SCHOOL,

NO. 408, BOWERY, near Astor and La Fayette

Places. New York.

Mr. D. has the honor to announce that his School is open Day and Even-
ing, for Equestrian Tuition and Exercise Riding.

TERMS:

Lecture Lessons.

	

16 Lessons 	$15 00

10 “ 	10 00

4 " 	5 00

Exercise Riding.

1 Month.................................$12 00

20 Rides....................................10 	00

10 “ ....................................6  00

Single Rides...................................0	 75

Single Lessons . . . . . . . . . . . 2 00

Road " . . . . . . . . . . . 2 50

N. B.--Highly trained and quiet Horses for the Road or Parade, to let.
	Evening Class.

12 Lessons ........... $ 9 00       20 Rides	$ 10 00

Single "	1 00          Single Ride	0 75



RULES

1	All Lessons or Rides paid for on commencing.

2.	One hour allowed for each Lesson or Ride in the School.
3. One hour and a half for a Lesson on the Road.

4	Hours for Ladies, from 9 A. M. to 3 P. M.

5	Hours for Gnetlemen, from 3 to 4, and from 7 to 9 1-2 P. M.

6. No Gentlemen admitted during the hours appropriated to Ladies.

A card of address is requested previous to commencing.

N B. Gentlemen keeping their horses at this establishment, will have the
privilege of riding them in the School gratis.

144

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

KEIGHTLEY’S HISTORICAL WORKS.

THE HISTORY OFGREECE.—By Thomas Height-

 ley, with notes and additions by G. Toulman Smith, in one volume.

THE HISTORY OF ROME- By the same author, with notes and addi-
tions in the same manner, in one volume.

THE HISTORY OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE—Being a continuation of
the History of Rome. By the same author. In one volume.

THE HISTORY OF ENGLAND—From the Invasion of Julius Caesar to
the close of the reign of George IV. By the same author, with notes
and additions as above. In two volumes. Published by

TURNER & HAYDEN, No. 10 John St.

HUNT’S MERCHANTS’ MAGAZINE

AND COMMERCIAL REVIEW.

BY FREEMAN HUNT, Editor and Proprietor. Pub-
lished Monthly, at 142 Fulton Street, New York—at Five Dollars
per annum, in Advance.

THE MERCHANTS’ MAGAZINE and COMMERCIAL RE-
VIEW, embraces every subject connected with Commerce, Manufac-
tures and Political Economy, as follows:—Commercial Legislation;
Commercial History and Geography; Mercantile Biography; Des-
criptive, Statistical and Historical Accounts, of the various commodi-
ties which form the subject of Mercantile transactions; Port Charges;
Tariffs : Customs and Excise Regulations ; Commercial Statistics of
the United States and the different countries of the world, with which
we have intercourse, including their Physical Character, Population,
Productions, Exports, Imports, Seaports, Monies, Weights, Measures
Finance and Banking Associations, and Enterprises connected with
Commerce, embracing Fisheries, Incorporated Companies, Railroads,
Canals, Steamboats, Docks, Post Offices, &c.; Principles of Com
merce, Finance and Banking, with Practical and Historical Details
and Illustrations; Commercial Law, and Mercantile Law Reports, and
Decisions of Courts in the United States and Europe, including Insu-
rance, Partnership, Principal and Agent, Bills ol Exchange, Sale,
Guaranty, Bankruptcy, Shipping and Navigation, &c., and whatever
else shall tend to develope the resources of the country and the
world, and illustrate the various topics bearing upon Commerce and
Commercial Literature.

It has been, and will continue to be, the aim of the Editor and Pro-
prietor of the Merchants’ Magazine, to avoid every thing of a par-
ty, political, or sectional bias or bearing, in the conduct of the work
—opening its pages to the free and fair discussion of antagonistic doc-
trines connected with the great interests of Commerce, Agriculture,
Manufactures and the Currency.

Complete sets of the Merchants’Magazine, embracing eleven
semi-annual volumes, of about 600 large octavo pages each, bringing
it down to December, 1844, inclusive, may be obtained at the Pub-
lisher’s Office, 142 Fulton-street, New-York, at the subscription price.

Publishers of newspapers, in the United States, by giving this
advertisement two or three insertions, and remitting Two Dollars to
the Proprietor, will be entitled to the Magazine for one year.

Office of Merchants’ Magzine, January 1st, 1845.

THE AMERICAN REVIEW.

A WHIG JOURNAL OF POLITICS, LITERA-

TURE, ART AND SCIENCE. Edited by Geo. S. Colton, and pub-
lished monthly at 118 Nassau St. New York, and by Wiley & Putnam 161
Broadway, and 6 Waterloo Place, Regent Street, London,—at Five Dollars
per anum in advance—Single Nos. fifty cents.

It is the aim of this Review—discarding all national and sectarian influence
—to harmonize in a kindlier acquaintanceship the different sections of the
country ; to set forth more clearly the inexhaustible resources of our territo-
ry ; to elevate the morals of the people: to withstand pusillanimity at borne,
and indignities abroad; to promote American science, and diffuse throughout
the land a higher order of taste in letters and the Arts. Though established
ostensibly on partisan grounds, the Review proposes to itself no mere party
triumph—but the moral, social and literary welfare of the commonwealth.

The following is from the origional Prospectus issued at Washington by
the Whig Members of the Twenty-Seventh Congress:
" Earnestly approving of the plan of such a national organ, long needed
and of manifest importance, the undersigned agree to contribute for its pa-
ges, from time to time, such communications as may be requisite to set forth,
and defend the doctrines held by the united Whig Party of the Union.—Geo
P. Marsh, D. D. Barnard, J. R. Ingersoll, E. Joy Morris, T. L. Clingman, J.
McPherson Berrien, Daniel Webster, Robert C. Winthrop, Thomas Buffer
King, Hamilton Fish, J. P. Kennedy, J. Collamer, John J. Hardin, Wm. S.
Archer, Rufus Choate, Alexander H. Stephens.”

In addition to these, a number of writers have been enlisted for its various
other departments, so that every number, besides strong political articles,
will contain about 80 pages of Literary Miscellany in History, Biography,
Criticism, Fiction, Poetry, Statistics, Science and the Arts, three or four En-
gravings of the most finished—the likenesses of men eminent in the present
or past age, will be given in the course of the year. No pains will he spared,
ormeans left unemployed, to make it the first of American periodicals.



JOHN DOUGLAS,

BOOK AND JOB PRINTER,

No. 68 ANN STREET, one door from Gold. Every de-

scription of Printing, both Letter-Press and Stereotype, executed
with neatness, accuracy, and despatch, on terms which he feels con-
fident will be satisfactory to those who employ him.

January 16, 1845.

CHARLES PERABEAU, Professor of Music,

No. 9 Whitehall Street, New York.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

The first Premium awarded five years by the American Institute for the
best Specimen of Off-hand Penmanship.

GOLDSMITH'S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

NO. 189 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons ot one hour each. Terms Reduced to TWO DOLLARS
AND A HALF.

Double Entry Book-Keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 8 P. M. daily for gentlemen
and from 11 to 1 o’clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

From the Courier and Enquirer, July 27, 1844.
Goldsmith’s Gems of Pennmansiiip.—The Chirographic art is
much more important to mankind than it is generally considered, and
Mr. Goldsmith may well claim to be considered at its head. The
volume before us exhibits more taste and ingenuity, and higher proofs
of manual dexterity than we have ever seen before.

From the New York Express.

Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship.—We have seen the original, as
executed by his own hand, and a more beautiful, and indeed a more
wonderful display of the power of that little instrument which is said
to be “ more potent than the sword,” we never witnessed before.

DISEASES OF THE TEETH.

Washington, D. C., May, 1844.

THE neglect of the Teeth is the cause of much suffering
and regret, and should not be disregarded by the most thoughtless.
The undersigned having received the benefit of Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s
professional skill, and believing him well qualified in the science of
Dental Surgery, and an accomplished and skillful operator, we most
cheerfully certify to the ease and safety with which Dr. B. performs
the various and important operations, so essential to the usefulness,
durability, and beauty of the Teeth.

Hon. J.W. M. Berrien, Geo. Hon. John B. Dawson, La.
Joshua Herrick, Me.	John H. Lumpkin, Geo.

James Irvin, Pa.	J. Thompson, Miss.

Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s Office and Residence, 103 Liberty st., New York.

PLUMBE DAGUERRIAN GALLERY

AND PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 251 Broadway,

Corner of Murray street, (Over Tenny’s Jewelry Store,) awarded
the Medal, four first Premiums, and two “ Highest Honors,” at the
Exhibitions at Boston, New York, and Philadelphia, respectively, for
the best pictures and apparatus ever exhibited.

Price of these superb Photographs reduced to that of ordinary ones
at other places, so that no one need now sit for an inferior likeness on
the score of economy.

N. B.—Imported German Cameras, also French and American In
struments of the very best quality, with plates, cases, chemical polish
ing materials, &c., kept constantly on hand. All orders receive
promptly attended to.

Prospectus of the Broadway Journal.

To be Published every Saturday.

The Broadway Journal will differ from any of the weekly Peri-
odicals now published in this city, as it will be made up entirely of
original matter, consisting of Essays, Criticisms on Art and Literature,
Domestic and Foreign Correspondence, and Literary and Scientific
Intelligence.

Illustrations will be given as often as good original Designs can
be procured, and drawings and plans of all new public buildings that
have either elegance or novelty to recommend them to notice. Par-
ticular attention will be given to this department, and no pains spared
to make it worthy of patronage.

Efficient aid has already been secured in the services of some of the
best writers in the country ; but it is hoped that a free channel be-
ing opened through which true-hearted men may “ let loose their
thoughts,” will be the means of drawing out some of the slumbering
talent amongst us which has not yet been seen afloat on the surface of
our periodical literature.

The Broadway Journal will espouse the cause of no political par-
ty, but will hold itself free to condemn or approve any men or meas-
ures, that a patriotic regard for the welfare of the country may dictate.
It will be printed on fine paper with clear type, in the Octavo form of
16 pages, double columns.

Terms $3,00 per annum—Single numbers 6 1-4 cts.

A liberal discount to Periodical Agents.

All Communications for the Editor must be addressed to the Editor
or the Broadway Journal--, and all letters on business to

JOHN BISCO, Publisher, 153 Broadway.

John Douglas, Printer, 68 Ann Street