THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. I.

Three Dollars per Annum.
Single Copies 6 1/4 Cents.

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1845.	NO. 25.

C. F. BRIGGS, EDGAR A. POE, H. C. WATSON, EDITORS.	Published at 135 Nassau-St.

'	By JOHN BISCO.

THE ADVENTURES OF A GENTLEMAN IN SEARCH OF A DINNER.

RELATED BY HIMSELF.

In the year eighteen hundred and something, I forget the
figures, but it was the year of the cholera in New York, I be-
came acquainted in Paris with a gentleman of my own years
named Julius Bartol. Our first meeting was at a ball at the
American Ambassador’s, and our last at the Rocher, where we
had such a dinner as the Rocher alone could produce. Bartol
was a New Yorker by birth, and he gloried in being called a
Knickerbocker, but his tastes, his predilections, his habits and
his education were thoroughly French. He had been sent to
Paris at an early age to be placed in a commercial Academy,
for his father was a merchant and meant that his son should
be one; but before his education was completed, old Bartol
died and left him a very large estate. He abandoned the idea
of business, and after spending a few years in Paris returned
to New York, and married a lady with an estate equal to his
own. His position in society, from his great wealth, being in-
finitely above my own, I had purposely avoided him after his
return home, but one day as I was crossing the Park, after
having suffered martyrdom in a cross-examination by two im-
pertinent lawyers in the City Hall, I met him and he express-
ed so much unaffected good will towards me, that I accepted
an invitation to dine with him the next day.

“ You remember our dinner at the Rocher ?” said Bartol.

“ Remember it,” I replied, “as the Hoosier said, I remem-
ber nothing else.”

“ Very good,” said Bartol, “ I am glad to hear it, I will give
you a better one to-morrow ; our cook is a second Vatel; but
that is nothing; my wife will dine with us, and you shall know
what it is to sit down with an angel. But come early and romp
with my little girls before dinner; there will be but two or
three friends besides."

I am no glutton, I am not even a bon vivant, but I have a
passion for good dinners, and although I have a tolerably en-
thusiastic feeling for works of what are called fine art, I am
not ashamed to own that no tableau ever charmed me like a
well appointed table. The extent of the benefit to be derived
from a picture is a momentary sensation of pleasure, but the
benefits of a good table are health, life, cheerfulness, content,
pleasant dreams and a lively fancy. There can be no doubt
that infinite harm has been done in our day by the wickedness
of business and learned men, in affecting an indifference to
the table. All stoicism is false and injurious, but the stoicism
of the dinner table is the most false and injurious of all. We
make the most lavish and ostentatious provisions for the nurture
of the mind, but leave the body to the mercies of the most ig-
norant and degraded parties of our household; and, as if we
were afraid of enjoying good health, we heap every term of
contempt upon the servant in whose integrity and skill the
health of body and mind depend, namely, the cook. Perhaps
much of the indifference shown towards the table, is owing to
the frequency of our meals, which allowing us no time to gain
an appetite, renders eating rather a nauseous duty, than a keen

delight. It is surprising that among our classicists, no one has
ever thought of imitating the Romans in regard to their meals.
They, as is well known, ate but once a day, and then they
came to their dinners with good appetites and a lively sense of
the importance of the duty of eating. Dispepsia was unknown
 among them, and any schoolboy will talk to you of Roman
 firmness, of Roman courage, of Roman patriotism and a thous-
and other virtues, which I fear will never be honored by an
American prefix. And then what arms and legs, and necks
 and shoulders, do sculptors and painters give to Roman
soldiers and even Roman poets. To sum up the whole matter
 in two words, the Romans dined but once a day and conquered
 the world. Gen. Jackson has sometimes been called an old
Roman, and one of his admirers has lately sent him the sarco-
 phagus of Alexander Severus for his coffin ; but there is as
much difference between the shrunk shanks of the modern and
the thews and sinews of the old Roman, as there is between
the wooden coffins of the modem and the marbles ones of the
ancients. We must go back to the one meal system before
 stone coffins will seem applicable for our slender carcasses. It
is the pernicious system of eating four times a day that has
led to the invention of all the salmis and potages, which cause
gout, dyspepsia and dropsy, by tempting us to eat when we
 have no inclination for the table ; but eating once a day would
 not only lead us to attach more importance to the ethics of the
table, but would save us from the frightful amount of charla-
tanry and empiricism, that are practiced in our kitchens, as
well as in our universities and legislatures.

Do I practice what I preach ? Of course I do, and I am
never troubled with a disinclination for my dinner. On the
 contrary, I am sure of one great pleasure every day of my
 life, let what will happen, for I can hardly conceive of any
trouble of sufficient magnitude to make a man in good health,
who eats but once a day, forget his dinner. There was one
 thing to dampen in a degree the pleasure which I anticipated
 in dining with my friend Bartol. His dinner hour was three
 o’clock, while my own is invariably five. Therefore my ap-
petite would lack two hours sharpness ; but I obviated this
difficulty by eating a lighter dinner the day before. I omitted
exactly one fresh roll and a meringue, which balanced very
 nearly the two hours, for when one o’clock came I felt about
 the same degree of hunger that I usually do at three.

Let me satisfy my friend, the reader, in the outset of my
adventures, that I had no mercenary motive in accepting the in-
 vitation of Bartol, for I was compelled to buy a white vest, a
 pair of kid gloves, a linen pocket handkerchief, and a pair of
 Mack French cassimere pantaloons, the cest of which would
 have paid for a good many dinners. The truth is, that I very
 seldom go to a dinner-party, because I have found by experi-
ence that a good dinner is very uncertain, and, therefore, I
had not on hand the necessary apparel to appear in on such an
 occasion. But I had no fear of Bartol; I knew that his dinner
would justify me in the expense of an entire suit, although it
so happened that my funds were extremely low, and I had neg-
lected to cultivate a credit at any of the tailoring establish-
 ments. After I had paid for my new clothes I had just a half

386

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

eagle and two shilling pieces in my pocket, and I had no ex-
pectation of getting more until next dividend day, a month off,
unless the publisher of a certain Review should keep his
promise and pay me for my essay on “ Dinners in the time of
the Revolution,” an event which I had no right to hope for,
having nothing better than an editor’s word to depend upon.

As Bartol lived in the most fashionable extremity of the city
I was forced to take a cab, for the streets were dusty as usual,
when they are not muddy, and the cab hire was but a trifle
compared with the injury which my clothes would receive from
the dust. The cabman was a saucy fellow and demanded three
shillings, but I had induced him to take me for two, for I was
loth to break in upon my half eagle. The fellow drove off
pretty briskly until he had got entirely clear of the cab stand,
and then he slacked up and let his horse walk.

“ Come, Sir,” I said, “ this will never do; drive faster.”

“ Are you in a hurry ?" said the cabman.

“ Certainly, I am,” I replied.

“Well, I am not,” said the cabman; “ I agreed to take you
for two shillings, but I shall take my own time for it; unless
you give me another shilling.”

“I will not give you another penny, you blackguard,” I re-
plied.

“Very well,” said he, “here goes then, slow and easy. I
like it and so does my hoss, Bossy. Take your time, Mister.”
I felt for my watch, and missing it, remembered that I had
left it at the watch-maker’s to be cleaned. There was time
enough, however, even at the slow pace at which I was going,
to reach Bartol’s by three, provided that we made no stops,
and I should only miss romping with the children, which I
rather preferred doing. Drag; drag; drag; I grew impatient
every moment; I caught a glance at a clock in a soda shop,
and it lacked ten minutes of three. “ Do have the goodness,
my friend,” I said in a subdued voice, “ to drive a little faster.
I must get to Marmion-place by three.”

“ What did you observe ?” said the driver.

“ I observed that you must drive faster, or I shall be too
late for dinner.”

“ Whoa ! Whoa,” said the cabman, checking his horse and
coming to a dead halt. “ What did you observe, Sir; there is
such a noise that I couldn’t hear.”

“ You’ll repent of this, you scamp,” said I, “ go a-head.”
“What makes you think so, Sir,” he said, looking me in the
face ; “perhaps you’ll repent of not paying me my full fare.”

I saw there was no use in parleying with the scoundrel, so I
swallowed the hard words that were rising in my throat and
made him no reply. He whistled, “ Take your time, Miss Lucy,”
and put his horse in motion again, but he came to a halt at the
corner of fourth street, to let a couple of omnibusses go past
that had started on a race from Union Square. I knew it must
be three, and I fancied that the soup was put upon the table.

I was fast losing all command of myself, but I was determined
not to be bullied out of a shilling; the French roll and the
meringue were too much for two hours, and my appetite was
sharper than usual at five. When a man eats but once in
twenty-four hours, it is very essential that his dinner should not
be delayed. “ I tell you how it is, Sir,” I said to the cabman in
a sharper tone, “ if you do not drive me to Marmion-place in
less than five minutes, I will make an example of you, you
villain.”

“ Who do you call a villain, Mister ?” said the enraged cab-
man jumping from his box. “ I am no villain. I am an honest
man. I work for my living; my name is Bunkum. I don’t
take that from nobody.”

On any other occasion I would not have cared a copper for
the fellow. I could have flogged him with ease. But now I

could do nothing but run, the passers-by began to gather on
the side-walk, and to escape a row I opened the cab door, and
jumping out began to walk very briskly towards Marmion-
place, which was but a short distance off. The cabman jump-
ed upon his box again and followed me, crying out, “ pay me
my fare, will you, pay me my fare.” At first I said I would
not pay him, but not caring to be followed by the rogue to
Bartol’s door, I put my hand in my pocket and reached him
the two shillings. It was five minutes past three by St. Bar-
tholomew’s clock, but I hurried on and at the corner of Eighth
street, encountered a spiral cloud of dust and anthracite ashes,
which nearly blinded me, and made my shirt bosom look like
a soot bag. I could have cried for vexation if I had not been
so hungry; but I shook myself and hurried on, and reached
Marmion-place precisely ten minutes past three. I shall cer-
tainly miss the soup, I said to myself, as I glanced up at a
bronze door with the name of Bartol emblazoned on a silver
plate. If I had known nothing of the owner, I should have
said at a glance, “ here lives a giver of good dinners.” The
house was one of the best specimens of a city residence that I
had ever seen. It had a bit of green sward on one side with
a small tree in the centre, the expense of which, was probably
greater than an ordinary farm of three or four hundred acres;
for in a city land rises in cost as it falls in real value. The
house was exactly such a one as I should have expected a man
of Bartol’s refinement to build; large and imposing, but with-
out anything that looked like ostentation or a love of show. I
was so well satisfied with the exterior, that, bating my appe-
tite, I was impatient to see its interior, and above all, the table.
The front blinds were closed, which looked strange, as there
was an umbrage screened by a woodbine and trellis-work. I
pulled the bell. The door was instantly opened by a black
servant, who put up his hand as I stepped upon the door-sill,
and said:

“ Don’t come in, Sir, if you please, their’s a contiguous
disorder in the house.”

“A what!” I exclaimed.

“ A contiguous disease, Sir. Miss Agnes has been took
very ill with the scarlet fever—”

“ Perhaps I have mistaken the house ; is this Mr. Charles
Bartol’s ?”

“ Ah ! F,” said Bartol, who came running through the hall.
“ My darling little Agnes has broken out with the scarlet fever
and we are in a terrible fright. Don’t come in, I am told that
it is dangerous to visit when the disease is in a house. Dear
little girl! I have not left her bedside a moment since she
was taken, for my wife is quite distracted. God help us, but
I fear the poor child will not survive. I am every moment
expecting a consultation of physicians.” A very faint cough
was heard and Bartol darted away without saying another
word, and the servant closed the door in my face. A few mo-
ments before the bronze door looked like the gates of Paradise,
it now looked as gloomy as Dante’s gates in the Inferno. What
was to be done. I tried to think of some friend living in the
neighborhood whom I could drop in upon at a family dinner;
but I couldn't think of a soul. It was a good mile from any
respectable restaurant, and I had neglected to order dinner as
usual at my lodgings. I had never in my life been so sharp
set before. The vision of Bartol’s dinner which had haunted
my imagination for the past twenty-four hours had caused a
flood of gastric juice that called for dinner in accents not to
be misunderstood.

The holy Saint Wulstan confessed that thoughts of dinner
had sometimes intruded themselves upon his devotions; and
another good .English saint, according to Dr. Southey used
often to exclaim—

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

387

“ O belly, belly

You would be gormandizing now I know,

But it shall not be so

Home to your bread and water, home,

I tell ye.”

How then could I, who am no saint but a poor sinner, keep
my mind free from such thoughts in an extremity like this ? I
I turned my back upon the uppish people and with my face
towards down-town began to debate in my mind whether it
would be better to dine at Delmonico’s, or Blancard’s. I settled
upon the latter, because it was the nearest, and not from any
preference to its gloomy facade, which looks more like a prison
than a salle a manger Granite is a very unsuitable material
for an eating-house, unless it were one where Norfolk dump-
lings or some such solids are served up. The white marble
Corinthian columns at the entrance of Delmonico’s triangular
cafe give a very cheerful and inviting aspect to the house, and,
I have no doubt are great promoters of digestion.

As I passed by the New York hotel, and heard the tanta-
lizing clatter of knives and plates in the dining-room, I recol-
lected that my friend H. had recently taken up his quarters
there, and driven by hunger, I walked into the office of the
hotel, and inquired for him, trusting that he might invite me to
dine with him. He came to me in a moment with a napkin in
his hand, and begged me to wait one minute until he had
finished his soup. But he said not a word about my dining
with him. In a minute or two, which seemed like an hour to
me, he reappeared, saying that he was deuced glad to see me
for he was going out of town that afternoon, and had only time
to eat a plate of soup for his dinner, and would be eternally
obliged to me if I would call upon his partner in the morning
and say that he had left his bank-book at the Merchant’s Bank.

I am afraid that I did not treat him with much courtesy, for he
has never spoken to me since. But politeness in my condition
was out of the question. I came out of the hotel and walked
very rapidly towards Blancard’s with my eyes averted from 
oyster cellars, and baker’s shops, lest I should be tempted into 
them and so lose a regular dinner. Arrived at the Globe I
entered its heavy looking portal and hurried through the
marble hall into the dining room. What a delightful sight! what 
an altogether charming and cheering place it is ! A perfect
gem of a restaurant. There was but one unoccupied table
which I took possession of, and casting my eye over the potages
on the Carte du jour, began to feel the most delightful of all titi- 
lations. I knew the soups perfectly well by name and I knew
also that the julien was particularly good. So I ordered that
but first a dozen of Shrewsbury oysters in the shell, with a
lemon, then a filet de boeuf au champignons and a meringue 
and coffee; wine I never drink when I can get Croton water.
This was a very moderate dinner to be sure, but I have already
said that I am no glutton; the fresh rolls and the butter are
particularly fine at the Globe, and the appointments of the
table are so perfect that even so moderate a dinner may be
eaten with entire satisfaction. I might have eaten a trifle 
more, a croquet or a plate of maccaroni ; but I began mode-
rately. The composure with which I spread my napkin and
cut my loaf was really marvellous. The waiter had been
gone just three minutes for the oysters, when a person came in
and seated himself at the table opposite to me, in whose pre-
sence I could not eat my dinner in peace. It is too long a
story, to tell the reasons of my antipathy to him ; he had
wronged me in a manner that debarred me from any other satis- 
faction than contempt; my dinner, though ordered, had not been
touched, and being too much excited in my feelings to make
any explanations to the clerk, I rose from the table immedi-
ately and walked out of the house, intending to return the next
day and make an apology. Now then, there was no choice,

Delmonico’s was the next resource. Here the dinners were
quite as good, the carle as extensive, and the prices as low,
perhaps lower; but the company was more promiscuous and
the finish was not so high. I had always had an objection to
the great mirrors in the dining-room, and the monstrous bronze
chandeliers, to say nothing of two unceasing harpers who are
forever clanging the songs of the last opera, and worse than
all the black pepper in square salt cellars. These things more
than counterbalanced the white marble pillars ; but I shut my
eyes very heroically to all minor defects and entered the coffee
room with a determination of repeating the orders that I had
given at the Globe. Oysters, potage a la julienne, filet de
boeuf au champignons, and a meringue au something. Although
 I never drink wine, as I have already stated, yet I sometimes
 drink absynthe very much diluted, and fearing that my long fast
would injure my stomach, I stopped at the bar and called for a
 glass of that bitte stuff, which I drank and put my hand in my
 pocket, for the half eagle, when, O, horror ! the thought of the
thing makes me sick even now, I found only a shilling. I had
given my half eagle to that villain cab-man by mistake. My
glass of wormwood cost me a shilling, and I had not another
copper to bless myself with. What could I do ! A thought
struck me ; and a very happy thought it was ; I will order the
dinner and go and pawn my watch ; by the time that I get back
from Chatham street it will be ready and what a dinner I shall
make! I varied the order by the addition of a lobster salad
and hurried off. When I reached Chatham street I remem-
bered that ray watch was at the watchmaker’s; never mind
that, I had a gold pencil-case, but worse and worse, it was
 Saturday afternoon and not a pawnbroker’s shop was open,
What religious rascals those Jews are. Every moment my
appetite was getting sharper and sharper, and I began to think
of the “French and English” dining saloons, in Nassau street,
where a plate of any thing may be had for a sixpence ; but I
hadn't the sixpence even; and Mr. Gosling, in spite of his
name is too old a bird to be caught with chaff; I could not des-
cend to ask him to give me credit for a sixpenny dinner ;
neither could I return to Delmonico’s and request them to trust
me. In passing down Nassau street I encountered the sign of
Mons. Napoleon Bunel, restaurateur from Paris. If there is
any thing in a name, I thought, this Napoleon among restau-
rateurs must be a grand place for a dinner, and if he has any
of the great qualities of his namesake he will not refuse me
credit for a filet. Hunger makes its own laws, and I had
only to obey its dictates. I made a bold push therefore into
the saloon of Mons. Bunel, and was charmed at once by the
coup d'oeil Madame B. a jolly looking creature wearing a
lace cap and violet ribbons, sat behind the bar, in the character
of dame du Comptoir; a large boquet of roses and a box of
segars on either side of her. The floor was sanded, which I
disliked, it gives one the feeling of dining in the street ; the
walls were painted by some unhappy artist who had made ter-
rible work in trying to give a resemblance of trees and green
fields, which rather added to the outer-doorishness of the
saloon. However, I am never given to fault finding, and I had
no disposition to be critical just then ; so I took my seat at one
of the marble slabs, and opened the yellow covered carte with
a palpitation of the heart. A tall lusty looking garcon in a
white jacket stood by me with his ear a little inclined towards
ray mouth to catch the first accents of my order. I had set
my heart upon potage a la julien and so forth, and I gave the
same order that I had given at the Globe and Delmonico’s, with
the addition of a fricandeau, and a Charlotte ruse, for
my appetite had grown to a boundless craving. Off ran
the garcon and I heard the confused sound of deshuits
potage julie filet deboeufau champignonpommedeterr ala'mait ode'

388

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

hotellobstersaladfricandeaudeVeauepinardmeringueaumarsquin
charlotterusevanillecafe as the order was shouted through
a tin tube that communicated with the kitchen. I de-
bated with myself one moment whether it would be better to
ask Mons. Bunel to give me credit before or after eating the
dinner, but I decided at once on the first as being the most
honorable, although the latter would be the most certain. Ac-
cordingly I beckoned to Mons. B. who came to me with a smile
on his countenance and a spotless napkin on his arm. You
have a capital place here, Mons. Bunel, quite a little Rocher ;
Mons. bowed. I have ordered a bit of a dinner, some soup
and a trifle or two, but I made the oddest mistake just now in
giving a cabman a half eagle for a shilling, and I have not got
another copper in my pocket and the banks being closed I can-
not get any money before to-morrow. I suppose you will have
no objections to giving me credit for my dinner ?

Mons. never smiled again, at least in my presence ;—he not
only refused to trust me, but he refused to take my gold pencil
in pawn; expressing some doubts of its being honestly come
by. At that moment the waiter made his appearance with the
Shrewsburys and the lemon, but they immediately disappeared
again, and I was compelled to make my retreat under the search-
ing eyes of Madame and all the guests at the tables.

What must I do ? What could I do ? I was completely at
my wit’s end. A happy thought popped into my head. The
proprietor of the Franklin coffee-house knew me well. He would
trust me of course. I hurried immediately down to his estab-
lishment, and looked at the larder as I passed into the dining-
room. What a magnificent sight his larder is ! Turkies, sad-
dles of mutton, salmon, lobsters, sirloins, rounds of beef, roasting-
pigs, cauliflowers and strawberries. These were a few of the
objects that caught my eye, and I determined at once upon a
thorough English dinner. Confound your potages and frican-
deaus. I will have, I said, as I walked into this glorious eating-
house, salmon and melted butter, a mug of ale, roast lamb and
mint sauce, with potatoes and cauliflowers, then a magnificent
slice of roast beef with asparagus, and bread and butter ; then
a rhubarb tart and Gloster cheese, and a dish of strawberries
and cream. This is one of the most enticing places to a
hearty eater that New-York can boast of. Everything about
it is solid and substantial,—long marble counters, old mahogany
chairs, thick, heavy and comfortable, immense mirrors, pic-
tures of game and sporting scenes ; and then the host himself,
bluff, red-faced, bull-necked and hearty, with immense jowls,
and a mouth that seems to have been made expressly for
eating ; one of those plethoric apertures which one never
anticipates any good thing from, notwithstanding that good
things are continually going in thereat. Like certain favorites
of the public who are in constant receipt of favors, but never
make any bestowals in return.

[To be continued.]

MORELLA.

Avro KaΘ’ avro μεΘ' avrov, μovo εidες aiεi ov.

Itself, by itself solely, one everlastingly, and single.

Plato. Sympos.

With a feeling of deep yet most singular affection I regarded
my friend Morelia. Thrown by accident into her society many
years ago, my soul, from our first meeting, burned with fires it
had never before known; but the fires were not of Eros , and
bitter and tormenting to my spirit was the gradual conviction
that I could in no manner define their unusual meaning, or re-
gulate their vague intensity. Yet we met; and fate bound us
together at the altar; and I never spoke of passion, nor
thought of love. She, however, shunned society, and,attaching
herself to me alone, rendered me happy. It is a happiness to
wonder ;—it is a happiness to dream.

Morelia’s erudition was profound. As I hope to live, her tal-
ents were of no common order—her powers of mind were gi-
gantic. I felt this, and, in many matters, became her pupil. I
soon, however, found that, perhaps on account of her Presburg
education, she placed before me a number of those mystical
writings which are usually considered the mere dross of the
early German literature. These, for what reason I could not
imagine, were her favorite and constant study—and that, in
process of time they became my own, should be attributed to the
simple but effectual influence of habit and example.

In all this, if I err not, my reason had little to do. My con-
victions, or I forget myself, were in no manner acted upon by
the ideal, nor was any tincture of the mysticism which I read,
to be discovered, unless I am greatly mistaken, either in my
deeds or in my thoughts. Persuaded of this, I abandoned my-
self implicitly to the guidance of my wife, and entered with an
unflinching heart into the intricacies of her studies. And then
—then, when, pouring over forbidden pages, I felt a forbidden
spirit enkindling within me—would Morelia place her cold hand
upon my own, and rake up from the ashes of a dead philoso-
phy some low, singular words, whose strange meaning burned
themselves in upon my memory. And then, hour after hour,
would I linger by her side, and dwell upon the music of her
voice—until, at length, its melody was tainted with terror,—and
there fell a shadow upon my soul—and I grew pale, and shud-
dered inwardly at those too unearthly tones. And thus, joy
suddenly faded into horror, and the most beautiful became the
most hideous, as Hinnon became Ge-Henna.

It is unnecessary to state the exact character of those disqui-
sitions which, growing out of the volumes I have mentioned,
formed, for so long a time, almost the sole conversation of
Morelia and myself. By the learned in what might be termed
theological morality they will be readily conceived, and by the
unlearned they would, at all events, be little understood. The
wild Pantheism of Fichte; the modified NaXtyyEVEOia of the
Pythagoreans; and, above all, the doctrines of Identity as urg-
ed by Schelling, were generally the points of discussion pre-
senting the most of beauty to the imaginative Morelia. That
identity which is termed personal, Mr. Locke, I think, truly de-
fines to consist in the sameness of a rational being. And since
by person we understand an intelligent essence having reason,
and since there is a consciousness which always accompanies
thinking, it is this which makes us all to be that which we call
ourselves—thereby distinguishing us from other beings that
think, and giving us our personal identity. But the principium
individuationis—the notion of that identity which at death is or
is not lost forever, was to me—at all times, a consideration of
intense interest; not more from the perplexing and exciting na-
ture of its consequences, than from the marked and agitated
manner in which Morelia mentioned them.

But, indeed, the time had now arrived when the mystery of
my wife’s manner oppressed me as a spell. I could no longer
bear the touch of her wan fingers, nor the low tone of her mu-
sical language, nor the lustre of her melancholy eyes. And she
knew all this, but did not upbraid ; she seemed conscious of
my weakness or my folly, and, smiling, called it Fate. She
seemed, also, conscious of a cause, to me unknown, for the
gradual alienation of my regard ; but she gave me no hint or
token of its nature. Yet was she woman, and pined away
daily. In time, the crimson spot settled steadily upon the
cheek, and the blue veins upon the pale forehead became pro-
minent ; and, one instant, my nature melted into pity, but, in the
next, I met the glance of her meaning eyes, and then my soul
sickened and became giddy with the giddiness of one who ga-
zes downward into some dreary and unfathomable abyss.

Shall I then say that I longed with an earnest and consu-
ming desire for the moment of Morelia’s decease? I did ; but
the fragile spirit clung to its tenement of clay for many days—
for many weeks and irksome months—until my tortured nerves
obtained the mastery over my mind, and I grew furious through
delay, and, with the heart of a fiend, cursed the days, and the
hours, and the bitter moments, which seemed to lengthen and
lengthen as her gentle life declined—like shadows in the dying
of the day.

But one autumnal evening, when the winds lay still in heav-
en, Morelia called me to her bed-side. There was a dim mist
over all the earth, and a warm glow upon the waters, and, amid
the rich October leaves of the forest, a rainbow from the firma-
ment had surely fallen.

“ It is a day of days,” she said, as I approached ; “ a day of
all days either to live or die. It is a fair day for the sons of

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

389

earth an life—ah, more fair for the daughters of heaven and
death!”

I kissed her forehead, and she continued:

“I am dying, yet shall I live.”

“ Morella!”

“ The days have never been when thou couldst love me—
but her whom in life thou didst abhor, in death thou shalt
adore. ”

“ Morelia !”

“I repeat that I am dying. But within me is a pledge of
that affection—ah, how little !—which thou didst feel for me,
Morelia. And when my spirit departs shall the child live—thy
child and mine, Morelia’s. But thy days shall be days of sor-
row—that sorrow which is the most lasting of impressions, as
the cypress is the most enduring of trees. For the hours of thy
happiness are over; and joy is not gathered twice in a life, as
the roses of Paestum twice in a year. Thou shalt no longer,
then, play the Teian with time, but, being ignorant of the myr-
tle and the vine, thou shalt bear about with thee thy shroud on
earth, as do the Moslemin at Mecca.”

“Morella!” I cried, “Morella! how knowest thou this ?”—

but she turned away her face upon the pillow, and, a slight
tremor coming over her limbs, she thus died, and I heard her
voice no more.

Yet, as she had foretold, her child—to which in dying she
had given birth, and which breathed not until the mother breath-
ed no more—her child, a daughter, lived. And she grew
strangely in stature and intellect, and was the perfect resemb-
lance of her who had departed, and I loved her with a love more
fervent than I had believed it possible to feel for any denizen
of earth.

But, ere long, the heaven of this pure affection became dark-
ened, and gloom, and horror, and grief, swept over it in clouds.

I said the child grew strangely in stature and intelligence.—
Strange indeed was her rapid increase in bodily size—but ter-
riable, oh ! terrible were the tumultuous thoughts which crowd-
ed upon me while watching the development of her mental be-
ing. Could it be otherwise, when I daily discovered in the
conceptions of the child the adult powers and faculties of the
woman ?—when the lessons of experience fell from the lips of
infancy ? and when the wisdom or the passions of maturity I
found hourly gleaming from its full and speculative eye ? When,
I say, all this became evident to my appalled senses—when I
could no longer hide it from my soul, nor throw it off from those
perceptions which trembled to receive it—is it to be wondered
at that suspicions, of a nature fearful and exciting, crept in upon
my spirit, or that my thoughts fell back aghast upon the wild
tales and thrilling theories of the entombed Morelia? I snatch-
ed from the scrutiny of the world a being whom destiny com-
pelled me to adore, and in the rigorous seclusion of my home,
watched with an agonizing anxiety over all which concerned
the beloved.

And, as years rolled away, and I gazed, day after day, upon
her holy, and mild, and eloquent face, and poured over her ma-
turing form, day after day did I discover new points of resemb-
lance in the child to her mother, the melancholy and the dead.
And, hourly, grew darker these shadows of similitude, and more
full, and more definite, and more perplexing, and more hideously
terrible in their aspect. For that her smile was like her moth-
er’s I could bear; but then I shuddered at its too perfect identity
—that her eyes were like Morella’s I could endure ; but then
they too often looked down into the depths of my soul with
Morelia’s own intense and bewildering meaning. And in the
contour of the high forehead, and in the ringlets of the silken
hair, and in the wan fingers which buried themselves therein,
and in the sad musical tones of her speech, and above all—oh,
above all—in the phrases and expressions of the dead on the
lips of the loved and the living, I found food for consuming 
thought and horror—for a worm that would not die.

Thus passed away two lustra of her life, and, as yet, my
daughter remained nameless upon the earth. “ My child” and
“ my love” were the designations usually prompted by a father’s
affection, and the rigid seclusion of her days precluded all other
intercourse. Morella’s name died with her at her death. Of
the mother I had never spoken to the daughter;—it was impos-
sible to speak. Indeed, during the brief period of her existence
the latter had received no impressions from the outward world
save such as might have been afforded by the narrow limits of
her privacy. But at length the ceremony of baptism presented
to my mind, in its unnerved and agitated condition, a present 
deliverance from the terrors of my destiny. And at the baptis-
mal fount I hesitated for a name. And many titles of the wise

and beautiful, of old and modern times, of my own and foreign
lands, came thronging to my lips, with many, many fair titles of
the gentle, and the happy, and the good. What prompted me,
then, to disturb the memory of the buried dead ? What demon
urged me to breathe that sound, which, in its very recollection
was wont to make ebb the purple blood in torrents from the
temples to the heart ? What fiend spoke from the recesses of
my soul, when, amid those dim aisles, and in the silence of the
night, I whispered within the ears of the holy man the syllables
—Morella? What more than fiend convulsed the features of
my child, and overspread them with hues of death, as starting
at that scarcely audible sound, she turned her glassy eyes from
the earth to heaven, and, falling prostrate on the black slabs of
our ancestral vault, resoonded—“ I am here!”

Distinct, coldly, calmly distinct, fell those few simple sounds
within my ear, and thence, like molten lead, rolled hissingly into
my brain. Years—years may pass away, but the memory of
that epoch—never! Nor was I indeed ignorant of the flowers
and the vine—but the hemlock and the cypress overshadowed
me night and day. And I kept no reckoning of time or place,
and the stars of my fate faded from heaven, and therefore the
earth grew dark, and its figures passed by me, like flitting shad-
ows, and among them all I beheld only—Morella. The winds
of the firmament breathed but one sound within my ears, and
the ripples upon the sea murmured evermore—Morelia. But
she died; and with my own hands I bore her to the tomb; and I
laughed with a long and bitter laugh as I found no traces of the
first, in the charnel where I laid the second—Morella.

_____________________________________________________

A Holiday on the Hudson.—Last Monday was a red-
letter day in the lives of four or five hundred happy souls, who
 made a trip in the new steamer Niagara to West Point.
The sun was bright, the breeze fresh, the waters blue, and the
new boat for the time was the flower of the river. She
should be called the Flor-del-rio. Nothing could be more
inappropriate for such a joyous craft than to call her a
floating palace. There never was half the light and grace-
ful elegance in any palace that ever was built. The Niagara
is a day boat, and her cabin forms one spacious saloon two
hundred and seventy feet in length, without any of those
stifling encumbrances, called berths, which give to night boats
the appearance of soldiers barracks. All the appointments of
the boat are quite perfect at a matter of course, and she pre-
sents, in her interior, the appearance of a picture gallery, so
profusely are her pannels decorated with prettily executed
paintings. Besides a capital band of music on the upper deck,
there was piano-forte playing in the ladies cabin ; and several
amateur musicians very obligingly sang duets and solos. But
even without the music there was no lack of harmony. The
boat arrived at West Point about two in the afternoon, and gave
an opportunity for a ramble over that romantic and interesting
region, to those who were in search of the picturesque; but
others availed themselves of a chance to witness an examina-
tion of a class of cadets in chemistry. Among the dignitaries
who wore gold lace on the occasion, was Gen. Scott, his big
burly figure being considerably increased in its proportions, by
epauletts and other gilt appliances. Mr. Weir was also among
the examiners, and he sat leaning his head upon his hand, look-
ing very fat and contented. The steamer left the dock at three,
and soon after a sumptuous repast was served up, of unusual
elegance for a floating palace. A good many bottles of cham-
pagne were emptied, but no toasts or set speeches marred the
joyousness of the occasion. Then there were music and sing-
ing again, and afterwards cotillions and the Polka. Before
reaching the dock, Mr. Embury of Brooklyn, was put into a
velvet rocking-chair and proclaimed chairman of a meeting,
which passed some grateful resolutions in which not one half
the good nature was expressed that was felt. We remember
the last one only, which we are sure everybody else must also
remember.

“ Resolved., That the Steamer Niagara will be as distinguished in
the waters of the east, as the great Cataract whose name she bears
is among the waters of the west.”

390

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

[The two noble poems subjoined have already appeared in
print—although we are unable to say in what work they origi-
nated. They are the composition of one of our most justly
distinguished poetesses—Miss Anne Charlotte Lynch. We
have no excuse to offer for copying them in the “Journal”—ex-
cept that we have been profoundly impressed with their excel-
lence. In modulation and force of rhythm—in dignity and
loftiness of sentiment—and in terse energy of expression—
they equal if they do not excel any thing of the same charac-
ter written by an American.—Eds. B. J.]

THE IDEAL.

“La vie est un somneil, l'amour en est la reve."

A sad, sweet dream! It fell upon my soul

When song and thought first woke their echoes there,
Swaying my spirit to its wild control,

And with the shadow of a fond despair,

Darkening the fountain of my young life’s stream,

It haunts me still and yet I know 'tis but a dream.

Whence art thou, shadowy presence, that canst hide
From my charmed sight the glorious things of earth ?
A mirage o’er life's desert dost thou glide ?

Or with those glimmerings of a former birth,

A “ trailing cloud of glory,” hast thou come

From some bright world afar, our unremembered home ?

I know thou dwell’st not in this dull, cold Real,

I know thy home is in some brighter sphere,

I know I shall not meet thee, my Ideal,

In the dark wanderings that await me here ;

Why comes thy gentle image then, to me,

Wasting my night of life in one long dream of thee ?

The city’s peopled solitude, the glare
Of festal halls, moonlight, and music’s tone,

All breathe the sad refrain—thou art not there ;

And even with nature I am still alone;

With joy I see her summer bloom depart;

I love stern winter’s reign— ’tis winter in my heart.

And if I sigh upon my brow to see

The deep'ning shadow of Time’s restless wing,

'Tis for the youth I might not give to thee.

The vanished brightness of my first sweet spring;

That I might give thee not the joyous form
Unworn by tears and cares, unblighted by the storm.

And when the hearts I should be proud to win,

Breathe, in those tones that woman holds so dear,

Words of impassioned homage unto mine,

Coldly and harsh they fall upon my ear,

And as I listen to the fervent vow
My weary heart replies, “ Alas, it is not thou !”

Depart, O shadow ! fatal dream, depart!

Go, I conjure thee, leave me this poor life,

And I will meet with firm, heroic heart,

Its threat’ning storms and its tumultuous strife,

And with the poet-seer will see thee stand
To welcome my approach to thine own Spirit-land.

And when the thoughts within my spirit glow
That would out-pour themselves in words of fire,

If some kind influence bade the music flow

Like that which woke the notes of Memnon's lyre,

Thou, sunlight of my life, wak’st not the lay
And song within my heart unuttered dies away.

THE IDEAL FOUND.

I’ve met thee, whom I dared not hope to meet
Save in th’ enchanted land of my day dreams:
Yes, in this common world, this waking state,
Thy living presence on my vision beams,

Life’s dream embodied in reality !

And in thine eyes I read indifference to me !

Yes, in those star-like eyes I read my fate,

My horoscope is written in their gaze:

My “house of life” henceforth is desolate;

But the dark aspect my firm heart surveys.

Nor faints nor falters even for thy sake,—

’Tis calm and nerved and strong—no, no, it shall not break.

For I am of that mood that will defy ;

That does not cower before the gathering storm ;

That face to face will meet its destiny,

And undismayed confront its darkest form.

Wild energies awaken in this strife,

This conflict of the soul with the grim phantom Life.

But ah ! if thou hadst loved me! had I been
All to thy dreams that to mine own thou art.

Had those dark eyes beamed eloquent on mine,

Pressed for one moment to that noble heart
In the full consciousness of faith unspoken,

Life could have given no more—then had my proud heart
broken!

The Alpine glacier from its height may mock
The clouds and lightnings of the winter sky,

And from the tempest and the thunder’s shock
Gather new strength to lift its summit high ;

But kissed by sunbeams of the summer day
It bows its icy crest and weeps itself away.

Thou know’st the fable of the Grecian maid
Wooed by the veiled immortal from the skies,

How in his full perfections, once she prayed,

That he would stand before her longing eyes,

And how that brightness, too intense to bless,

Consumed her o’er-wrought heart with its divine excess.

To me there is a meaning in the tale.

I have not prayed to meet thee; I can brook
That thou shouldst wear to me that icy veil;

I can give back thy cold and careless look ;
Yet shrined within my heart still thou shalt seem,

What there thou ever wert—a beautiful, bright dream !

A JUST VIEW OF A BAD HABIT.

We find the following very sensible remarks, in a late num-
ber of the Charleston Mercury, and we copy them to give cur-
rency to such excellent sentiments. But we must resist the
imputation of the last sentence. We think that New York is
the debtor in this case.

A NEW Image oF War.—Among the men of former times, hunt-
ing was termed “ the image of war"—especially the pursuit of
wild boars, lions and other ferocious beasts. It had some claim to
the distinction. It combined violent exercise, personal peril, the
submission to privation and the distinctions, of success, skill and
courage. In our day there is enough said about “ campaigns,”
“ battles,” "victories,” “ defeats,” “ glory” and all that, to make a
stranger think we were engaged incessantly in the business of
knocking each other’s brains out—that a bloody and desolating
civil war was waged from year’s end to year’s end. What sort of
fight and what sort of victory it is, we need not explain. But the
dialect is perfectly devilish, and its use is, we are persuaded, of
most demoralizing consequence. Those of the opposite party we
call the “ enemy when we put them out of office, we call them
the “ vanquished,”—and contrary to the laws of modern war, we
proceed to treat them as criminals. Dismissing them from office
is known by the terms “slaughtering,” " guilatining,” “ cutting off
heads,” and simillar bloody-minded phrases.

Now aside from the bad taste of using such murderous language,
it can hardly fail that this habitual dressing up of our party contests
in the phraseology of war and crime, does tend insensibly to em-
bitter them; to deprive the elections of their peaceable character,
and to deepen in personal feeling the differences of opinion on pub-
lic measures. In our dialect too, the offices of the country are the
" spoil” of the successful party, and they are seized upon as the
plunder of the “ enemy.” All this vile phraseology and much of
the equally vile practices connected with it, we owe to New York.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

391

Now, who could expect, after reading the above, to find what
follows from the pen of the same writer in the same column of
the same paper. It will require no very extraordinary gift in 
this case, for the Editor of the Mercury to see himself as
others see him, if he will be at the trouble of reading both his
articles at the same sitting.

The South awoke—with one hand she strangled one Presiden-
tial candidate, and with the other, she drew that old sword, (the j
proud spirit of the South) before whose keen edge, no foes or party, 
since the foundation of the government had ever been able to stand.
She triumphed in the Presidential election. The struggle came on ;
in Congress. She triumphed again in spite of foes and traitors,
South and North. Flushed with her recent victories, there she
stands, with stern defiance on her brow, and her yet unsheathed 
and dripping sword in her hand. Before heaven! she shall not 
sheath it, uutil she is safe, and safe forever. Texas shall be hers,
in spite of a world in arms; and to crown her redemption, the
fetters of unjust taxation shall be torn from her free limbs. She
will no longer endure to be the mock and ribald scoff of fools and
fanatics, or the impassive and plundered victim, of mean, venal
and dastard monopolists. She will vindicate her rightful station
amongst the people of the earth; and whilst fearing none, com-
mand the respect and peace of all.

We do not remember ever having seen so much belligerent
bluster, and warlike word-spilling as this, in any New York
political Journal, even the day before an election. If the ,
South is really indebted to New York for her coinage of hot
words, she uses them with a degree of liberality that her
teacher never indulged in.

THE HEART OF MAN.

SUGGESTED BY A FRAGMENT OF F. SIELER.

A strange, unsounded, glorious thing,

The heart of man hath ever been,

Where light and gloom alternate spring
With many a changing shade between.

There earnest love and frantic hate

Have their deep fountains, side by side;

There sweetest hopes and feelings mate
With basest fear, with rankling pride.

Like some strong harp whose thousand strings
Vibrate to every passing tone,

Now with deep passion-notes it rings,

Now melts in sorrow’s gentlest moan.

The magic of a kindling eye,

The music of a gentle voice,

May thrill its chords with agony
Or bid its noblest powers rejoice.

A word, a look, a tone, that falls

On memory’s fount, seal'd up for years.

All the bright, glowing past recalls,

Its passionate hopes, its vows, its tears.

Shape after shape of glorious light,

It summons from that living tomb,

With forms whose aspects, once all bright,

Are shadowed now by softest gloom.

The kindling eye, the open brow,

The sunny smile of youth are there;

The faces dimmed by sorrow now,

The hopeless glance of pale despair.

O heart of man ! O heart of man !
What magic of the spirit's lore,

What heav’n-enkindled glance may scan
Thy fountains, hidden evermore 1

No Earthly wisdom may avail;

No eye but His who set the springs

In the heart’s depths, can pierce the veil

That o’er their silent workings clings.

ULRIC HORN.

Hellgate, L. L

THORWALDSEN’8 STATUE OF BYRON.

We copy the annexed account of this interesting work of
Art from the London Art-Union, which does not, however,
tell the whole story respecting it. The English boast a good
deal of their liberality in money affairs, and not without some
cause, while the one-string of slander on which they never
cease playing, when alluding to this country, is our worship
of the almighty dollar. But we do not remember having
met with any anecdote of American manners so thoroughly
characteristic of a mean and stingy nature as the statement
which we find in some of the London papers respecting the
monument to Lord Byron.

It must be remembered that he was a lord, and his personal
friends were among the better classes, in every respect, of
English society.

It appears that soon after Byron’s death, some of his friends
and admirers set about a subscription, for the purpose of plac-
ing a statue to his memory in Westminster Abbey; and
when they had gained all the money they could, they offered
the amount to Chantrey, and asked him to make the statue.
But the sum was so small that he refused to accept it, as he
said it would not half pay him for his labor; the admirers of
the noble poet applied next to Thorwaldsen, who with great
dignity of feeling told them that he could not afford to work
for nothing, and he would therefore accept the money, al-
though it was too small to be considered pay, and would give
the statue out of respect to the poet, whom he had known
personally and loved.

Thorwaldsen’s Statue of Lord Byron.—This monument,
of which so much has been said and written, will at length find a
resting-place in the library of Trinity College, Cambridge, after
having remained upwards of twelve years in the cellars of the
custom-house, during the whole of which period it has been more
or less—as well from its own particular history, as from the great
name to which it is dedicated—an object of public solicitude,
which of late has increased in consequence of the death of two
individuals, the name of one of whom is associated more nearly
with it than is usual in his position, while that of the other will be
remembered with various feelings in connexion with the monu-
ment of Byron—we mean the decease of the amiable sculptor
himself, and of the late Dean of Westminster. An extract of a
letter from Stockholm, which appeared in a German paper,
among other matters in reference to Thorwaldsen, stated that his
executors reclaimed the statue of Byron, and at the same time
some improbable statements appeared in our own newspapers in
reference to the work. It was hoped that on the death of Dean
Ireland the objection to its admission to Westminster Abbey might
be set aside, but his successor is on willing to impugn his decision
by a reversal. These events have perhaps had the effect of caus-
ing a destination to be determined upon for the work ; at least they
have been the means of reviving throughout Europe the circum-
stances of in execution and exclusion from Westminster Abbey.
The monument it temporarily deposited in the studio of Sir Rich-
ard Westmacott, and it the property of a body of subscribers,
friends and admirers of Byron, by whom the commission was of-
fered to Chantrey, who declined it in consequence of the inade-
quacy of the amount subscribed. It was then proposed to Thor-
waldsen, who at once undertook it, agreeing to receive the sum
collected. Many statements have been current as to whether
Thorwaldsen did or did not receive remuneration for the work. It
is mentioned as a fact that he received the subscription, and set
about the monument in admiration of the poet, and in gratitude to
his country, for he bore in mind that, while almost despairing, and
yet a young artist, he was about to return to bis own country from
want of employment in Italy—the first commission he received
was from the late Mr. Hope. The statue is life-sized, and repre-
sents the poet seated on the fragment of a rained temple, with his
left foot resting on the broken shaft of a column, while on the left,
low down, is a skull, and above that the Athenian owl. The
head seems to have been worked out from the portrait by Briggs;
with the addition of age. In a posthumous work of this kind,
had the artist perfectly succeeded, his work had been a miracle of
Art: the defects, therefore, are not his, but those of circumstances.
The forehead is heavy, and wants the refined modelling which
distinguished the head of Byron, nor is the mouth moulded into
that expression of which even years could not deprive it; the hands
are also somewhat coarse, and by no means worthy of the com-
pliment paid to those of Byron by Ali Pacha. The attire of the
figure is a frock-coat,over which is thrown a cloak; in the left

892

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

hand is a volume superscribed “ Childe Harold,” and the right
holds a pencil or style up to the mouth, as if he were busied in
composition. As regards the destination of this statue, it is deep-
ly to be regretted that the monument of Byron has not found a
resting-place in the metropolis.

REVIEWS.

An Essay on the Philosophy of Medical Science, by Elisha

Bartlett, M. D., &c.—Philadelphia, Lea & Blanchard, 1844.
The Principles op the Chrono-thermai. System op Medicine;

with Fallacies of the Faculty. By Samuel Dickinson, M.D., &c.

With introduction and notes, by William Turner, M. D., &c.—

New-York, J. S. Redfield, Clinton Hall, 1845.

These are two books diametrically opposite in their aims,
yet both significant signs in the Medical World; it is on this
account that we bring them together, that we may expound
their meaning, for the benefit of our readers who happen to
be uninitiated in the mysteries of Esculapius’ worship. Dr.
Bartlett, by way of preliminaries to dispose the good-natured
reader to a favorable judgment of his cause, devotes a few
chapters of his book to demonstrating what constitutes a correct
mode of observing and reasoning, or, in one word, of philoso-
phizing in exact sciences ; and having thus built a ladder, to
step upon, he drags his reader up the heights of Medical science,
showing him all the while, how firmly and securely, and how
philosophically he ascends to the possible in the knowledge of
the healing art. Doubtless, the unsuspecting, and not very
keen-sighted reader, will believe, on laying down Dr. Bart-
lett’s book, that he has drank deeply at the very source of truth.
But for ourselves who have dabbled in those matters upon
which the learned doctor is so eloquent, we can declare that
we rose from the intellectual repast which the doctor cooked
up, with a hungry stomach, for the quantity we have con-
sumed proved but a few grains of truth in a bushel of chaff.
Yet, we are free to confess that the doctor is an excellent cook
in his way, indeed, there are not many such in his profession.
There is both mechanical and intellectual legerdemain,the doc-
tor’s work is an evidence of the latter; he is a schoolman who
has learned to muster his words in a phalanx, as a drill-ser-
geant does his men, but without the aid of scholastic glasses he
is incapable of looking upon nature, and marking her workings.
The aim of the book is to teach how to philosophize in medi-
cine, but it strikes us, taking the doctrines he favors as an
evidence, that he has not learnt the art himself; for he talks
grandiloquently of such nonsense as a correct nosology, the
bug-bear of inflammation, and believes in the means of reduc-
ing it by bleeding—things that have a foundation only in the
brains of professors and their dupes, but not in nature. He
condemns hypotheses, but insists that naked facts should make
up the science. He forgets that it is as easy for those who are
not fit for the task, and these are numerous, to make wrong
experiments, and call them naked facts, as it is for another set
of persons equally unfit for their undertaking, to make incor-
rect hypotheses and call them true explanations of nature's
mysteries. The alchemists have collected numerous so-called
facts, but they did not know what to make of them, for they
experimented foolishly, and they might have gone on still
longer putting wrong questions to nature, and remain as igno-
rant as ever. It was left for the intellect of Lavoisier, Guy
Lussac and others, who could at a glance surmise correctly
nature's purposes, to question her accordingly; and thus they
were enabled to raise the structure of exact sciences.

The fact is, that it is permitted but to few to make correct
hypotheses and have them verified by experience ; but those
few cannot teach others to do the same ; nor will they stop to
give us an account of the mental processes that led them to
their discoveries. There is a larger class of minds that, when

discoveries are made and interpreted, can logically, step by
step, verify and enlarge the experience of others, but who
would never discover anything themselves ; and there is ano-
ther class of men still more numerous, who can write upon
the correct manner of making discoveries, and collecting facts :
but yet these last are not the persons to be employed for the
purposes of the art they teach ; they are mere self-satisfied
and self-glorifying schoolmen. Dr. Bartlett’s book sufficiently
justifies us in making the above observations ; his aim seems
to have been to raise the credit of the old school of medicine,
which of late, has lost so much in public estimation. With
those who cannot see for themselves, he will undoubtedly suc-
ceed ; but there will be yet a few left, cunning enough to see
through the legerdemain of his logic, and who will persist in
mistrusting the learning of the faculty. The author of this
book is a striking illustration of that calibre of mind that can
spend itself in petty details with great gusto and considerable
credit; but is incapable by summing them up, to rise to gene-
ralities, and seize upon the secrets of nature. Unfortunately for
mankind, we had too many such men in the profession, and it
is they especially, more even than the intrinsic difficulty of the
subject, who contributed so much to swell the lumbering trash
of medical libraries. Yes, it is these men of details, and of
specialities, who split a hair with the greatest delicacy, who
mole-like cannot see beyond the mole-cast they make, that
give force to Condillac’s saying when applied to medicine,
“ that man never has so much to say of a subject, as when he
knows the least of it.” A different spirit we find in Dr.
Dickinson’s lectures. In commencing his observations, he
was fully impressed with the idea that details, different as they
may appear, merge in each other, that they may be lost in
unity,—this being an all-pervading law of nature ; and so his
results are as grand as they are just in conception. We can
speak here, with the assurance of personal experience, for in
our own studies we have come to similar though not identical
results, long before we ever heard of the Fallacies of the Fa-
culty. His views may be briefly stated to consist in unity of
disease, in variety of symptoms, the intermittent fever being
the type of all the suffering that flesh is heir to. The nervous
system in general, and the brain in particular, is the citadel
from which life issues, and which disease assails. An equili-
brium of temperature throughout the body is, in his opinion,
absolutely essential to health ; and any derangement of if,
causes as well as accompanies disease; the evident indication
in the cure therefore is, to restore it to its due degree by appro-
priate appliances. Thus periodicity of recurrence of disease
and variability of temperature are the landmarks by which the
physician is to be guided in his treatment.

The doctor advocates his views with great force of reasoning
and abundance of wit and fancy ; so much so, that the book
is exceedingly attractive even to an unprofessional reader.
With unsparing severity he points out many of the learned
follies of the faculty, and with the most satisfactory proof he
confutes the unphilosophical and murderous practice of blood-
letting in all its forms.

Much as we admire the common-sense views of Dr. Dickin-
son, yet we are not entirely satisfied with him, for he has over-
looked some things and underrated others. His views do not
enable us to look upon the economy of the human system, as
complete in all points; perhaps he gives us only what he sees
himself, and what is the most essential in the removal of dis-
eases. Be it as it may, he deserves our gratitude for what he has
done. It requires great moral courage to speak against the
follies of mis-called science, and especially among the most con-
servative of all classes of men. Medicine never will be thor-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

393

oughly reformed till men of common sense and decided talent,
whose minds are stored with a variety of information, bring their
ability to bear upon medical practices and theories, with no oth-
er aim than to advance Truth. The love of professional lucre
too often stands in the way of truth—and it is asking too much
from human nature to expect immolation of self on the altar of
truth, at the hands of the medical profession—and especially
when it is so crowded that a cunning dunce often stands a bet-
ter chance of success than a man of modest talent and upright-
ness. It should be impressed upon the minds of men that what
was said of poets is applicable to physicians with double force:
Physicians are born, not made. Many who have received their
doctorate find on their coming into the daylight of experi-
ence, that instead of the doctor’s they have been crowned with
the fool’s-cap.

Looking upon the state of the medical profession in these times,
we cannot but see omens of great good to come. It is so divid-
ed by different sects holding more or less correct views, that
each must modify the other; and here and there a brave oppo-
nent arises who challenges them all; and a suspicious public
begins to be aroused from its stupidity, and thinks that
the evil is not in her body, but in that of the doctors—all this
ferment of opinion may clarify man's judgment upon the subject,
and some genius may arise who will select the truth that gives
partial currency to the pretensions of each system, and ren-
der a lasting benefit to mankind. Perhaps his name may be An-
drew Sniadecki, who some time ago developed his theory of organ-
ic beings, and whose death Poland was made too soon to lament,
or he upon whomever his cloak has fallen. We mention the dis-
tinguished Pole, because in the whole range of our medical read-
ing, we find none who applies, in a more simple and beautiful
diction, such a rigorous method of reasoning to such a vast fund
of information; so much so that medicine in his hands almost
becomes one of the exact sciences.

PLATO CONTRA ATHEOS.—Plato against the Atheists; or the Tenth
Book of the Dialogue on Laws, accompanied with Critical Notes,
and followed by Extended Dissertations on some of the Main
Points of the Platonic Philosophy and Theology, especially as
compared with the Holy Scriptures, by Tayler Lewis, LL. D.,
Professor of the Greek Language and Literature, in the Univer-
sity in the city of New York.—New York, Harper & Brothers.

The Laws of Plato were probably the work of his old age
—of his extreme senility—and although Dr. Lewis insists
upon this point, as one tending to make us think more favora-
bly of the composition, on the ground of its embodying the
philosopher’s most matured and best settled opinions—we can-
not help regarding the question as disputable. As a dramatic
work, all admit it to be inferior to the Republic. There are
but three interlocutors—Clinias, a Cretan; Megillus, a Spar-
tan ; and a stranger, who is spoken of only as the Athenian
—but, who is the Socrates of the colloquy; the two first, be-
ing merely listeners, or speaking but for the purpose of foils.
The nine first books are occupied with legislative schemes
given at length, with preambles, and arguments in support of
both preambles and schemes. The tenth book (now published)
deals with laws enacted against violators of religion—that is
to say, public worship—it being taken for granted that State
and Church can never properly exist apart. The greater por-
tion—indeed nearly the whole of the book, however, is taken
up with an exordium, investigating the reasons for the laws— 
the latter in fact occupying only a few of the concluding
pages.

The argument is directed first, against those who deny the
Divine existence—secondly, against those who deny a Provi-
dence while admitting the existence of a God—thirdly, against
those who, admitting both, yet maintain that the Deity is easily
propitiated by sinners.

Clinias opens the first branch of this argument, by asserting
that the existence of God is readily shown by the universality
of man’s belief in his existence, as well as by the evidences
of design in natural phenomena.

This ease of demonstration the Athenian denies ; declaring,
however, that whatever difficulty there is, is not innate in the
subject, but springs from the perverseness of the Ionic Atheists
in imposing upon the world the ideas of chance, nature, art,
etc., and in the refutation of these ideas the reasoner discusses
at length the nature of soul as involving, necessarily, self-
motion. Thence, he deduces the priority in time of soul to
body—thence, again, of the properties of soul to the proper-
ties of body. The inference is, that Art is the mother of Nature
—that law, will, thought, or design, must have been before
qualities, such as hardness, weight—etc, etc.

The intention here is to refute the particular opinion of the
Atheist, that religion had no better foundation than conventi-
onality, since belief in the existence of God is the production
of human law—which, again, is a product of Art—Art itself
being regarded as the offspring of Nature.

The question of motion is examined very minutely—and all
kinds of motion are divided into motion by impulse, and, that
which moves something else by commencing motion in itself;
the latter species being psyche, or soul.

In the next place, occurs the question whether one or more
souls are at work in the Universe. It is decided that there
are two—the soul of good and the soul of evil.

The second grand division of the subject is the investiga-
tion of the arguments which deny a Providence. The Athe-
nian maintains a minute, special interference with human af-
fairs, chiefly on the ground that the whole is composed of its

parts, and that to neglect the smallest portion is to neglect the
whole.

In entering the third division of his theme, the speaker op-
poses the arguments of those who maintain that the Deity is
easily appeased, by adverting to the pre-supposed antagonism
between good and evil. Where a conflict is continually going
on, he says, the least neutrality or supineness—that is to say,
the least mercy shown to sin, would be treason against the
cause of the Right throughout the Universe.

The offenders against religion are divided into six classes,
or rather grades. The book ends with a specification of pen-
alties, and a law, in especial against private rites and churches.

Such is a fair, although very succinct synopsis of a work
 comparatively little known, although very frequently made the
subject of converse.

No one can doubt the purity and nobility of the Platonian
soul, or the ingenuity of the Platonian intellect. But if the
question be put to-day, what is the value of the Platonian
philosophy, the proper answer is—“ exactly nothing at all."
We do not believe that any good purpose is answered by popu-
larizing his dreams ; on the contrary we do believe that they
have a strong tendency to ill—intellectually of course.

We could wish that Dr. Lewis (however excusable may be
his evident enthusiasm for his favorite) had less frequently in-
terspersed his comments with such passages as the following :

“ Then surely should Plato be studied, if for no other purpose, as a
matter of curiosity, to see if there may not possibly bo some other philo-
sophy than this noisy Baconianism about which there is kept UP
such AN EverlASTING DIN, or that still more noisy because more empty
 transcendentalism which some would present as its only antidote.

* * * * Especially will this be the case at a time when physical
science, in league with a subtle pantheism, is everywhere substituting
its jargon of laws and elements, nebular star-dust, and vital forces,
and magnetic fluids, for the recognition of a personal God and an ever
wakeful, ever energizing special Providence.”

For our own parts we vastly prefer even the noise of Bacon,
the laws of Combe, or the nebular star-dust of Nichols to
what Dr. Lewis will insist upon terming " the clear, simple,

394

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

common-sense philosophy of Plato,”—but these things are
perhaps merely matters of taste. It would be as well, how-
ever, to bear in mind the aphoristic sentence of Leibnitz—“ La
plupart des sectes ont raison en beaucoup de ce qu'lles avan-
cent, mais non pas en ce qu'elles nient."

We regret that it has been thought advisable to give the
Greek text unaccompanied with a translation. The object, so
far as we can comprehend the annotator, seems to have been
the placing of the doctrines of Plato more immediately with-
in the reach of the public. For this end we should have had
a paraphrase, at least.

Harper's illuminated and Illustrated Edition of Shakes-
peare. Nos. 55 & 56 : Containing parts of “ As You Like It,”
and “ Midsummer Night’s Dream.” Price 25cts.

We have already expressed a favorable opinion of this truly
beautiful edition of Shakespeare ; but the present issue comes to
us with so liberal an enrichment of wood cuts, that we cannot
refrain from expressing once more our opinion of its cheapness
and beauty. Here are twenty-nine spirited wood cuts, from
good designs, printed with great clearness and beauty in ink of
unusual brilliancy and on fine paper, accompanying a play by
Shakespeare, and sold for the inconsiderable price of 25 cents.
The cover to this edition of Shakespeare is a very handsome de-
sign by Catherwood, a thousand times superior to the hideous
thing designed by R. W. Weir, N. A. A more thoroughly
contemptible affair, exhibiting not only an utter poverty of imag-
ination, but the most meagre acquirements in art, was never
put off upon the public, than the cover which was first published
by Mr. Hewitt, when this edition of Shakespeare was issued
by him. Thanks to the liberality and discernment of the
present publishers, we are no longer annoyed by the appa-
rition of the Weir sisters, and the figure of Shakespeare in a
canoe, on the cover of these plays. It is a disgrace to Ameri-
can Art, that we have never been able to produce the shadow of
an ornamental design, and nothing can more plainly prove the
entire inadequacy of the system of instruction adopted by our
National Academy than the wretched abortions which the artists
who write N. A. at the end of their names, have produced in
their attempts at ornamental drawings. They prove beyond a
question that they have not been grounded in the A. B. C. of
art. Now that the academy has got an artist for its President,
we have hopes that something better may be produced.

Mr. Verplanck is doubtless very competent to edit Shakes-
peare, but we have noticed some very strange readings in one
or two of the earlier issues of the edition, which must have been
owing either to gross carelessness, or something worse.

We take a few passages only for example. Where it is mate-
rial, we point according to copy,

“ Is execution done on Cawdor: or not

Those in commission yet return'd ?"

This should be:

Is execution done on Cawdor ? Are not

Those in commission yet return’d ?

“ Send forth great largess to your offices,”

Should be:

Send forth great largess to your officers.

“ We would spend it in some words upon that business,”

Should be:

Would spend it in some words upon that business [Without the
“ We”—Macbeth was not then king.]

“ The curtain’d sleep,”

Should be:

The curtain'd sleeper.

“ Thy very stones,”

We think should be:

The very stones.

“ And all-thing unbecoming,”

Should be:

And all things unbecoming.

" To be thus is nothing,

But to be safely thus

A more weighty point than a comma is wanted after “ noth-
ing.”

“ To make them kings, the seeds of Banquo kings !”

Same after “ kings”—and “ seeds” should be seed.

“ Now, go to the door,”

Should be:

Now to the door.

“ To pray for this good man,”

Should be:

To pray for that good man.

" Whom we to gain our peace, have sent to peace,”

Should be:

Whom we, to gain our place, have sent to peace.

—“ the feast is sold,

That is not often vouch’d while 'tis a making ;

'Tis given with welcome.”

A comma after “ vouch’d” and another after “ making,” in
the room of the semicolon there, would have given the true read-
ing—which is turned into nonsense by the false pointing in this
new edition.

“ If trembling I inhabit then,”

Should be:

If trembling I inhibit then.

“ tell me if your art

Can tell so much)

Where is the other mark of the parenthesis ?
“ and with him,

To leave no rubs nor blotches in the work,)

Where is the other mark of this parenthesis ?

But this is painful work: we will therefore end it, for the pres-
ent, by a short notice of something that, in itself, is enough to
injure the whole edition in which it occurs,—we mean, in the
opinion of Shakespeare’s “lovers.”

The play is Twelth Night. In the first interview between
Olivia and Viola, Olivia, after Viola has said, “ Good madam,
let me see your face,” is made to reply, “ Have you any com-
mission from your lord to negociate with my face ? You are
now out of your text: but we will draw the curtain, and show
you the picture. Look you, sir; such a one I was this present:
is’t not well done !” [Unveiling.]

Now, which looks most like Shakespeare, that, or this :

“ Look you, 8ir: 8ucb a one as I was, this presents.

Is’t not well done ?”—[ Unveiling. ]

The word “ as,” the comma after “ was,” and the addition-
al s to the word “ present,” make all the difference.

A Pilgrimage to Treves, through the Valley of the Meuse and

the Forest of Ardennes in the year 1844. Harper & Brothers,

1845.

We have here another new book from the pen of an American,
and a very modest and entertaining one it is. The author, a
son of the Rev. Dr. Anthon of this city, says that, having de-
termined to “ attempt the production of a book," he took up his
residence in Spa to carry on its manufacture, for three sensible
reasons; first because it is a pleasant place to live in ; secondly
because it is a fashionable watering place which being deserted
at that time afforded him excellent accommodations ; and
thirdly because it is in the vicinity of Liege and Brussels, from
which cities he could obtain all the books of which he stood in
need. We like this manner of producing a book, and we only
regret that all authors cannot, like Mr. Anthon, select their
cities of refuge when the fit of production comes over them.
But there have been many books produced in garrets and
prisons and other places very far from being pleasant, which

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

395

will be read with delight, and have power to make any place
pleasant when the “ Pilgrimage to Treves” will have been
utterly forgotten.

We do not mean to underrate Mr. Anthon’s work because
it was produced under circumstances so exceedingly agreeable.
There are but few young gentlemen of his years and opportu-
nities who ever think of producing a book at all, or if they
should make the attempt, would succeed as well as he has
done.

The author begins his book with Charlemagne and Aix-la-
Chapelle and serves up anew several bits of history which do
not possess much novelty to recommend them. The “ Pil-
grimage” is not commenced until we reach the middle of the
book, when the interest of the work begins. The author set
out from Dinant on the 4th of September to join the pilgrims
who were flocking in immense numbers to Treves to witness
the exhibition of the sacred robe of Christ which happens to
be in possession of the church of that city. Mr. Anthon in-
forms us, however, that he does not himself attach any impor-
tance to relics, and very conclusively argues that the chances
are a considerable many to nothing that Christ never had the
sacred robe of Treves on his back.

In some of his descriptions he is sufficiently exact, but in
others he is exceedingly vague and uncertain : for instance, in
speaking of Hardenne, a seat of the King of the Belgians, he
says it is “ furnished in a style of simple elegance,” which
must be interpreted according to the reader’s own ideas of
what constitutes simple elegance. Probably some readers if
made acquainted with the realities of Hardenne would say
that it was furnished in a style of the most superb and thrill-
ing magnificence, for we saw in one of our morning papers, a
day or two since, an allusion to a new Broadway Omnibus
which was styled “ a truly palacial carriage,” and every news-
paper reader know's that all the steamboats in our waters are
“ floating palaces.”

The sacred tunic was presented to Treves by the Empress
Helena, she having procured it in Palestine three hundred
years after the crucifixion.

"Since the exposition which took place in the year 1512, the
Tunic has been publicly displayed nine times, seven times a
Treves and twice at Ehrenbreitstein, to which place it bad been
transported on account of the risk of destruction or plunder to
which it was exposed during the war which distracted Germany
The last exposition occurred in 1810, and lasted 19 days. The
number of strangers who visited Treves during this time am-
ounted to 227,000. According to the belief of some, miracu-
lous cures were wrought by the sight and touch of the relic. I is
said that many paralytics, and other persons so sick or infirm that
they had to be carried before it, afterward walked without as-
sistance.

 Those who dread the predominance of the Roman Catholic
faith, and look with anxiety on the signs which seem to indicate
that she is about to resume much of her ancient dominion, will be
struck by the fact that the exposition of the sacred Robe in the
year 1844 has attracted a greater host of pilgrims than on any pre-
vious occasion. The number of strangers who visited Treves from
the 17th of August to the 6th of October amounted to upward of
450,000 !"

The sacred robe is deposited in a chamber of the Cathedral,
where it is kept except on occasions of exhibition.

"The crowd of pilgrims entering the great portal on the right
in regular procession, two and two, reached the central nave
where they separated into two files, one on each side of it. Ad
vancing in this order, marshalled by officers with scarfs of red and
yellow, the colours of Treves, they travelled the whole length of
the choir, and arrived at its upper end, where the two files again
united at the foot of an elevated platform of variegated marble, as-
cended on each side by a broad flight of steps, and decorated for
the occasion with flowering plants. In the centre of this platform
directly in front of the treasure chamber, from which it had been
taken, was displayed the revered object of their pilgrimage, spread
out on a glass case, and decked with white satin and blue drapery
trimmed with gold. The people mounted the platform by the
right-hand staircase, and passed in front of the relic, where they
were permitted to pause for an instant, while they gave to one of

the attending priests some small object, such as a medal, a rosary,
or a representation of the Robe, embroidered on silk, or engraved
on paper. The priest touched these to the Tunic, and having
thus, in the opinion of the orthodox, extracted some of its virtues
restored them to their owners, who then descended the flight of
steps on the left, and quitted the Cathedral by a side door. Upon
a table were seen the offerings of the pilgrims, an immense pile of
copper coins, testifying at once to the multitude of the donors and
to their individual poverty.	

I am not ashamed to confess that, as I stood upon this elevation,
and surveyed the whole scene which was passing, I felt deeply
moved. The spectacle which the interior of that venerable edi-
fice then presented might indeed excuse a moment’s credulity.
On one side the pilgrims were pressing forward with faces of
eager expectation, chastened by religious awe, while the solemn
melody of the organ conspired to elevate the thoughts all from
earth; and as they descended, it was easy to read on their coun-
tenances the joy and gratitude with which they were filled.

The Roman Catholics seize eagerly on examples of the emotion
which so impressive a ceremony can hardly fail to excite, as proofs
of a peculiar and divine influence which the relic exerts on the
stubborn hearts of heretics. A chronicler of the exposition relates,
for instance, with considerable naivete, that an Israelitish woman,
on seeing it, burst into tears, and immediately made an offering of
four thalers, which, in his opinion, is a very strong testimony to
the authenticity and virtue of the Robe.”

There are a few more pages, but properly, the pilgrimage
ends here.

NEW WORKS LATELY RECEIVED.

Satanstoe, or the Littlepage Manuscripts. A Tale of the Colony:
by J. Fennimore Cooper. In 2 vols. New-York: Burgess,
Stringer & Co.

Satanstoe appears to be the first of a series of three tales
written to illustrate a principle, the principle of anti-rentism,
which Mr. Cooper considers a greater disgrace to the State of
New-York than repudiation to Mississippi. We have but lit-
tle faith in stories that are written to illustrate any other prin-
ciple than the principle of human nature, and we doubt wheth-
er Satanstoe will be read with much interest by any class ex-
cepting those who have read the author’s other productions, for
the sake of the story. It appears that Satanstoe is a neck of
land somewhere in Westchester county, its precise locality we
are not acquainted with, but it is probably in the neighborhood
of Devilshoof. Of the merits of the work we are unable to
speak at present. We give the concluding paragraph of the
author’s preface, for the sake of its manly tone, which wil
neet with a hearty response from all honest men.

" For ourselves, we conceive that true patriotism consists in
laying bare every thing like public vice, and in calling things
by their right names. The great enemy of the race has made
a deep inroad upon us, within the list ten or a dozen years,
under cover of a spurious delicacy on the subject of expressing
national ills ; and it is time that they who have not been afraid
to praise when praise was merited, should not shrink from the
office of censuring, when the want of timely warnings may be
one cause of the most fatal evils. The great practical defect
of institutions like ours, is the circumstance that “ what is
everybody’s business, is nobody’s business,” a neglect that
gives to the activity of the rogue a very dangerous ascenden-
cy over the more dilatory corrections of the honest man.”

Notes, Explanatory and Practical, on the Epistles of Paul to the
Ephesians, Philipians, and Colossians. By Albert Barues. New
York: Harper & Brothers.

The learning and industry which distinguish these Notes
are points about which we have heard little difference of opin-
ion. Not the least interesting portion of the work is the In-
troduction, which embraces an account of the situation of
Ephesus, and the character of its people, as well as of the
advent of the Gospel among them—also notices of the His-
ory of its Church—of the time and places of writing the
Epistle—with an inquiry as to its object and to whom it was
written. This Introduction is illustrated with two wood en-
gravings of the present Ephesus.

396

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

De Rohan; or The Court Conspirator. An Historical Romance.
By M. Eugene Sue. author of “ The Mysteries of Paris,” etc. 
etc. New York: Harper & Brothers.

This is number 54 of Harper’s " Library of Select Novels.” 
It is by no means as good a book as we have a right to expect
from the author of “ The Mysteries of Paris;” its interest has
been materially impaired by too close an adherence to his-
torical fact. The chief actors are two young girls, nobly
born, and each of an heroic devotion beautifully diverse in
character; a youth of great sensitiveness and timidity; a
cynical and brutal giant and buffoon ; a nobleman of the gay
Court of Louis XIV; and an eccentric Dutch philosopher,
of great genius and erudition.

Ocean Work, Ancient and Modern: or, Evenings on Sea and Land.
By J. Hall Wright, author of “ Breakfast-table Scenes.” (Sci-
ence.) New York, Appleton & Co.

This neat little book is one of the second series of “ Tales
for the People and their children,” and in our estimation is
one of the best among them. A little more science and a lit-
tle less prattle would have greatly enhanced its value as a
book for the people, but even in its present shape it contains
a great amount of knowledge in a very limited space.

The Age of Elizabeth. By William Howitt. No. 13 of Wiley &
Putnam’s Library of choice reading. _Wiley & Putnam. Price
50 cents.

The expressive title of this series of works, choice reading,
may be applied with as great truth to this book as to any one
yet issued. The “ age of Elizabeth,” contains some of the
best criticisms and most agreeable writing of the author.

The Blind Girl, with Other Tales: by Emma C. Embury. New
York : Harper & Brothers.

This little volume includes Constance Latimer, or The
Blind Girl;" “ The Son and Heir;" “ The Village Tragedy;"
“ Newton Ainslie;" and “ Frank Morrison.” The first was
originally written as a contribution to a Fair for the benefit of
the Institution for the Blind :—it is an exceedingly pathetic
tale. The others are also excellent, each in a different way.
Mrs. Embury is one of the very best of our female writers.

The Dutchman’s Fireside : a Tale, by the author of “ Letters
from the South,” “ John Bull in America,” “ The Backwoods-
man,” &c. Two volumes in one, New York; Harper &
Brothers.

This is number 9 of the Harpers’ “ Pocket Edition of Se-
lect Novels.” The novel itself is too well known in America
to need comment. It is, perhaps, the best work of its author.
We particularly admire the clear print and convenient form of
these editions.

A System of Latin Versification: in a series of Progressive
Exercises, including specimens of Translation from English and 
German Poetry into Latin verse. For the use of Schools and
Colleges: by Charles Anthon, LL.D.. Professor of the Greek
languages in Columbia College, New York, etc. etc. New York : 
Harper & Brothers.

A very admirable volume which we shall, of course, notice 
more fully hereafter.

The Gambler's Wife. A Novel. By the Author of the “ Young
Prima Donna,” “The Belle of the Family,” “The Old Dower
House,” etc. etc. New York: Harper & Brothers.

Number 50 of the “ Library of Select Novels.” A well-
written and well-constructed story of profound, although
homely interest.

The Smuggler, a Tale, by G. P. R. James. No. 56 of
Harper's Library of Select Novels. The Mysteries of Ber-
lin, Part 4, published by W. H. Collyer. An Encyclo-
paedia of Domestic Economy, Part 5 : Harper & Brothers.

The Nevilles of Garrettstown, Part 4. Martin’s Bible, Part
5. Littell’s Living Age, No. 58, from Taylor, No. 2, Astor
House. Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglas, an
American Slave, written by himself, from W. H. Graham, Tri-
bune buildings.

NUMBER ONE’S.

We have received the first number of three new weekly
Magazines during the past week. Two of them sprung up in
Boston, and one in New-York. The most important of these
new comers, in appearance, and doubtless containing the largest
amount of vitality, is called “ The Harbinger ;” it is dedicated
to “ Social and Political Progress.” No editor is named, but
it is to be furnished with matter by Park Godwin, W. H.
Channing, Albert Brisbane, Osborne Macdanniel, Horace
Greely, George Ripley, Charles A. Dana, John S. Dwight, L.
W. Ryckman, John Allen, and Francis S. Shaw. Some of
these gentlemen we know to be matter-full men, and if they
lend their aid to this new magazine, it must shortly become an
important organ in the world of journalism. It emanates from
the Brook Farm Association at West Roxbury, and is, as a
matter of course, an advocate of Fourierism. The first num-
ber contains the beginning of George Sand’s famous story
“ Consuelo,” translated, we suppose, by F. S. Shaw, as the
copy-right is secured to him. The Harbinger is as well printed
as any paper of its class, but coming from an Association like
that at Brook Farm, we expected a greater degree of elegance
in its externals. Tuttle & Dexter are the general agents.

“The Jester,” is another Boston birth; an imitation of
Punch, but a very slender imitation indeed. The illustrations
are better than the matter illustrated, an unusual case in an
American publication. It wants a Lemon to give it flavor.

“ The New-Yorker,” a semi-monthly paper of eight pages,
devoted to Temperance, Morality, and several other good
things, is published in New-York.

THE FINE ARTS.

We have seen a proof impression of an engraving by Smillie
and Hinshelwood, intended for part five of Martin’s edition of
the Bible, which will reflect great credit upon the skill of the
artists and the liberality of the publishers. The subject is the
“ departure of the Israelites” from a picture by David Roberts,
one of the best painters of Eastern life and scenery now liv-
ing. This picture has much of the grandeur of feeling pecu-
liar to Martin's designs, and though but a few inches in size,
is capable of creating as sublime and lofty emotions, as though
it were stretched over an acre of canvass. The cheapness of
illustrated books is a growing marvel. This print is of a class
rarely sold at a price less than two dollars, yet it is here given
away to the purchaser of one of the parts of the superb work
which it is meant to illustrate.

We have before us, also, parts 29 and 30 of Harper's Bible,
which is more legitimately ornamented by wood-cuts, containing
an amount of pictorial illustrations, which, a few years ago, would
have been considered an impossibility at the price for which
they are now sold. The great defect of the illustrations of
“ Harper’s Bible,” arises from their sameness of character.
One author may well be illustrated by one artist; but to give
all the Prophets, Psalmists, and Evangelists of the Sacred
Book, into the hands of the same man for illustration, was a very
dangerous experiment. To fulfil such a task properly, as the
illustration of the whole Bible, requires an amount of genius
and learning, which no individual ever did, or ever can, possess.
If the Bible itself were pervaded by one tone of expression,
it would be the most wearisome book in existence. But one
of the charms which attracts all readers, is the almost infinite

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

397

variety of styles in which it is written. The Harpers’ edition,
however, has claims to favor irrespective of its illustrations,
which would render it a cheap and valuable work, even though
it did not contain a tenth part of its pictures. The type, pa-
per and ink, the correctness of the text and notes, are the
points which must give it a permanent and reliable value.

A new Painting, by C. Deas, has lately been added to the
Exhibition of the American Art-Union. It represents a party
of Indians at play, and though an interesting picture, as ex-
hibiting a trait of Indian life, it is by no means equal to the
two last which were purchased by the Art-Union.

Mr. E. L. Carey.—Philadelphia and the whole circle of
American artists, have met with a great loss in the death of
Mr. E. L. Carey, who had been an invalid for the last three
years, but was at last suddenly snatched away from his sphere
of usefulness, after an illness of only two days. Mr. Carey
was the most liberal and discriminating purchaser of works of
art in the country, and he had made the very best, if not the
most extensive collection of the productions of modern artists,
to be found in the Union. Mr. Carey was peculiarly liberal
towards young artists, and gave them orders without waiting
for them to become famous. The destruction of the Pennsyl-
vania Academy of Fine Arts is a calamity, no doubt; but it is
one that can be repaired ; the loss of an enlightened and lib-
eral patron, however, is one that the world of art cannot
repair. We trust, however, that Mr. Carey’s example will not 
be lost on the men of wealth in Philadelphia and elsewhere.

Horace Kneeland.—We are happy to learn that this de-
serving artist has received a very liberal order from a few gen-
tlemen of this City, Philadelphia and Boston, for another
equestrian statue of Washington, which is to be cast in bronze.
The model will be made here, but it will be taken to Berlin by 
Mr. Kneeland and there cast. The commission for this statue 
reflects the highest credit upon Mr. Kneeland’s past works,
and is an honor to the discernment and liberality of the gentle- 
men who have commissioned him. It also reflects disgrace, 
which the whole country should see, on the National Academy,
which recently refused to confer the poor title of associate 
upon Mr. K., who has, during the past four years, exhibited
the first busts in the annual exhibitions of the Academy, if we 
except those by Mr. Powers. But while there are so many
spoilers of canvass among the academicians, it can hardly be 
expected that they should admit an artist of respectable abilities
among their associates. In justice to the Academy, it should
be known that the best artists belonging to it were in favor of
Mr. Kneeland’s election.

THE CONCERT ROOM.

New York Philharmonic Society vs. the Musical
Fund Society of Philadelphia.—It seems that some per- 
son corresponding with the Mirror, from Philadelphia, takes 
the opportunity of speaking of the Musical Fund in terms of
high commendation, while he does considerable, although per-
haps unintentional injustice to the Philharmonic Society. 
This Society, although by no means a benefit society, accord- 
ing to its constitution, has yet taken a noble stand in the cause
of humanity. We know of several instances where the funds
have been judiciously applied, either to aid the sick, or to bury 
the deceased brother. There is no party feeling here ; all is
forgotten but the necessity of the case. A member of the N.
Y. P. S., in answer to the Mirror, states that the remunera-
tion of the members, barely amounts to one dollar for their at- 

tendence at the numerous rehearsals which occur during the
season.

This is indeed poor pay for two or three hours’ tedious re-
hearsals during each week. It is indeed so poor that nothing
but the right spirit of enthusiasm for their profession can in-
duce the members to submit to such a loss.

For loving their art so well they should be commended and
respected, but there are other points which entitle them, in
our opinion, to still higher commendation and respect. Why
is it that their dividend is so small—why is it that they have to
work so hard for a remuneration so inadequate ? The Socie-
ty is successful ! it is prosperous in the highest degree—the
favorite with the profession and the public ! What then is the
reason of its apparent poverty—it is that they all must willing-
ly yield the greater portion of the results of their hard labor for
the sake of a charity which is wide and embracing. Besides
this, many of the members are liberal subscribers to the con-
certs, for their families and their friends, and in this way con-
tribute individually to the prosperity of the society. We know
some, who instead of receiving any dividend from the receipts,
were by their liberal subscriptions indebted to the society.

The Philharmonic Society deserve more credit for their lib-
erality, from the fact that they pretend to nothing, but do all
that charity requires in a sure but secret, unostentatious man-
ner.

We have long known the necessity of a fund which should
be devoted to the relief of indigent or aged musicians, and we
trust that at no distant period an institution so much needed
and so charitable in its purposes will be established ; but in the
meantime we assure our friends in Philadelphia, that the sick
or the needy musician, is not entirely friendless, and cannot be,
while the Philharmonic Society continues to extend its bene-
ficial influence over the profession of New York.

Mr. Fry,—his Critics and his Friends.—Our remarks
upon Mr. Fry’s Leonora have called forth a lengthy reply in
the Evening Express.

The reply is of very little moment, as nothing we have said
is therein refuted ; indeed, the only attempt at refutation is in
the case of Newkomn’s fine song, King Death, and in this the
writer has signally failed, as we shall show. The writer of
the Express first quotes our words—

“ Montalvo’s first song is ‘ King Death was a rare old fellow.'
This song as composed by Chevalier Newkomn is universally
known, and what could have induced Mr. Fry to introduce it into
his Opera, unless to suggest comparison, we are at a loss to con-
ceive. Comparisons will be drawn, and to his disadvantage, for
the first phrases of his version prove, beyond a doubt, that New-
komn’s fine song was fresh in his memory, and suggested, if not
supplied the thoughts.”

He then adds:

" Now, it so happens that Mr. Fry’s version of the song has been
lying for years in his repertoire, and was sung in public and in
private—(just as it is bodily introduced into ‘ Leonora,’ and per-
formed by Mr. Seguin,) when Barry Cornwall's words were new,
and probably long before the Chev. Newkomn ever thought of
setting.”

Now, we don’t pretend to doubt the truth of the assertion
that Mr. Fry’s version has been lying in his repertoire for
years, for the original is old enough to allow of it; we remem-
ber it some twelve or fourteen years. With regard to the “ pro-
bability” that Mr. Fry set the words before Newkomn saw
them, we positively state that there is not a shadow of a possi-
bility that such should be the case, for it is a well-known fact
that Barry Cornwall, or Proctor, wrote the words one morning
while Newkomn was with him, and that the Chevalier compos-
ed the music to them, as it was afterwards published, before
he left the room. The two artists were on terms of the most
intimate friendship, and Barry Cornwall wrote all his lyrics

398

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

especially for Newkomm, because, as he said, a foreigner ap-
preciated them, and discovered their musical adaptability, when
his own countrymen passed them by unnoticed. Mr. Fry, or
his friends, may still claim priority, originality, &c. &c., but
the fact as we have stated it cannot be disputed.

The editor of the Express refers with excessive satisfaction
to a long, tumid, fulsomely laudatory article which appeared in
the Express on the 9th inst. ; and which he flatteringly denomi-
nates a criticism, comparing it triumphantly with our notice of
the Opera. It will be seen by the following quotation that he
considers the relative value and truth of the two articles to
be determined by the corrections of our statement respecting
“ King Death.”

“ Now, after this opera of ‘ Leonora’ had been played four times
we published in this paper an extended criticism of it from the
pen of one of the best and most impartial musical judges in this
country. His favorable judgment of the composition and its per-
formance have been corroborated by other writers equally un-
prejudiced, and equally experienced. The ‘ Broadway Journal,’
on the other hand, has this elaborate condemnation of the opera;
and now, who is to decide which of all these critics is right ?
Which is best entitled to public confidence, as to the merits of the
composition in question ? We take leave to say that the paragraph
above quoted ought to settle the dispute definitely, so far as the
authenticity of the Journal’s infallibility is concerned, at least."

We are content to leave “ the authenticity of the Journal’s
infallibility,” to be decided by the truth or the contrary of our
statement.	

Our criticism throughout was a fair and impartial one, and
has placed Mr. Fry in his true position as an imitator and not
a creator. His blind idolatry of the modern Italian school,
has led him to think not merely similarities, but positive iden-
tities. He may believe honestly that they are original; his
friends and such writers as the one in the Express, may con-
firm him in the belief, but we assure him and them that the
whole is a delusion. Any honest and competent writer would
scorn to toady the individual at the expense of the art! What
man possessing any knowledge of music, or respect for truth
after hearing Leonora, with its endless robberies from Bellini
& Co., could sit down and pen so wilful and absurd a false-
hood as the following from the critique in the Express—“ As
we said in a former article, he takes rank by this work with
the first of living masters.” Is this writer aware of the ex-
istence of Rossini ? of Auber ? or even of those trifling writers
Mendelssohn, Spohr, Beissiger, Marschner, Meyerbeer, and a
hundred other writers, the least of them enjoying a sterling
reputation from their published works, by far exceeding the
written-up-by-my-brother’s-reputation of Mr. Fry.

Again, says this writer, “ He has achieved that which no
man speaking the English language has yet equalled.” What
bombast ! what fustian ! Handel spoke the English language
fluently, Weber also, and Oberon was the result; Ferdninand
Reiss too, and the Ice Witch was the consequence,—the Ice
Witch was by the by, composed in six weeks, so that Reiss
beat Fry by six weeks;—Jules Benedict may be said to have
advanced beyond the rudiments of the English language, and
his Operas of the Gipsey’s Warning, and the Bride of Venice
are still extant. Then we have John Barnett, Edward Loder,
Mcfarren, Balfe, and even Rooke, who speak English, though,
some of them are Irish to be sure, and each of these has done
more to win a lasting reputation than Mr. Fry in his Leonora
gives evidence of being capable of doing. They have not
before, certainly, contrived the monstrosity of a recitative
Opera; but there is one man who had the audacity and the
misfortune to live before Mr. Fry, we mean Dr. Arne who
wrote the recitative Opera of Artaxerxes. We will not draw
a comparison between the two works, lest we should be con-
sidered partial; but we doubt if Leonora will live to as good
an old age as the venerable Artaxerxes.

The “ best and most impartial of musical judges,” as the
 writer in the Express calls the writer in the Express for we
believe that both the critique and the criticism upon our criti-
cism, own the same paternity—we had almost said fry-ternity
—the “ best and most impartial of musical judges,” we say—
as the Express says—must be a very ignorant pretender in
the art which he professes to criticise. A more uncouth jum-
ble of unmeaning phrases will seldom be found huddled together
in one article. He has, however, found out one great, origi-
nal and peculiar beauty in Leonora, for which Mr. Fry certain-
ly owes him one; we find it described in two places, in the
following words:—“ The finale follows, introduced with a short
passage by the Chorus fortissimo on a high key." “ The end
of the finale is in syncopated passages on high keys for the
whole Chorus.” Good gracious! which are the high keys ?
—and if it be not an impertinent question, did the whole of the
Chorus sing in different high keys ? this is an important query,
and we should be glad to send its solution to Europe, as the
effect of vast bodies in high keys—the Irish already have high-
lowes—may become a standard of its class !!

There are many absurdities equally glaring, which we will
reserve for a future article.

To Correspondents.—We are greatly indebted to the author of
the Correspondence between a Mother and Governess—also to A.
M. J.—to J. T. of Jackson—to T. H. C.—and to F.W.C. of Boston.
We are forced to decline “ The Heart Unshared.” We are anxious
to hear from Ellen of N., in D.

VANDENHOFF’S ELOCUTION.

SECOND EDITION.—This valuable work is being introduced
into a large number of the best Schools in the City and
Country.

It only needs to be generally known to become universally
established.

Testimonials are received from every quarter.

From Rev. R. F. Burnham, Rector of St. Paul’s Church, Hoboken.

“ Having seen, with much pleasure, a second edition, by your
house, of “ A Plain System of Elocution,” I beg leave to express
to you my opinion of the high merit of that work.

Its title is in keeping with the plan pursued in the book ; a rare
fact in this age of making many books. In the work may be found
what this age needs—a System of Elocution, that presents to the
learner something tangible; and that combines meaning with
beauty, and beauty with force.

I hereby express the opinion that the Principals of Seminaries
of Learning would benefit the department of Elocution, by the
introduction of Mr. Vandenhoff’s System.”

C. SHEPARD, Publisher,

191 Broadway, opposite John street.

The National Magazine and Industrial Record, No. I.

EDITED BY REDWOOD FISHER,

ASSISTED IN THE STATISTICAL DEPARTMENT BY MR. EDWIN WILLIAMS.

Published Monthly, in Numbers of 96 pages, $5 per Annum.

TiHE DESIGN OF THIS WORK IS TO DEVEL-

ope all the great resources of the country, as they are shown in
its Agriculture, Manufactutes and Commerce. Essays and statements
on these great interests will be given, with notices of Manufacturing
Towns and Villages, Internal Improvements, New Inventions, snd Sta-
tistical Details, exhibiting the progress of American industry.

FROISSART'S CHRONICLES of England, France and Spain,
with an Essay on the Character and Society of the Middle Ages. One
vol. 4to. pp. 634. $3.

SCARCE WORKS.

THE BRITISH NAVAL CHRONICLE; a General and Biograph-
ical History of the Royal Navy. 20 vols. 8vo., bound, with numerous
plates. Price $50.

NILES’ WEEKLY REGISTER, (Subscriber’s Copy) in 30 vols.
8vo., bound. Price, $50.

Subscriptions received to all the American and English Periodicals
and orders for books promptly executed.

FINDEN’S LANDSCAPE ILLUSTRATIONS, of the Prose and
Poetical Words of Sir Waller Scott, with portraits of the principal fe-
male characters. The designs from Westall, Landseer, Leslie, Stanfield,
Prout, &c., with letter-press descriptions. 3 vols. Containing 120
plates ; turkey morocco, extra. Price $12.

FOR SALE, a single copy of “ Sparking,” the last print of the Ameri-
can Art Union.

LANDSCAPE ILLUSTRATIONS of the Bible, from original
sketches by eminent artists.

A few copies of the “ Blind Fiddler,” from Wildie.

J. SMITH HOMANS,

Sun Office, corner of Fulton and Nassau Streets.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

399

This Day is Published,

LIBRARY OF CHOICE READING.

NO.’S XI AND XII OF THE LIBRARY OF CHOICE
READING, Containing the Crescent and the Cross, by Eliot War-
burton, Esq. Two thick parts, 12mo. beautifully printed in large clear
type, on fine white paper, each 50 cts.

“ Eliot Warburton, who is known to be the author of these brilliantly
sparkling papers, the “ Episodes of Eastern Travel,” which lit up our
last November. His book (The Crescent and the Cross) must and will
be capital.”—Vide “ Eothen,” page 179.

“This delightful work is, from first to last, a splendid panorama of
Eastern scenery, in the full blaze of its magnificence. The crowning
merit of the book is, that it is evidently the production of a gentleman,
and a man of the world, who has lived in the best society, and been an
attentive observer of the scenes and characters which have passed before
him during his restless and joyous existence. To a keen sense of the
ludicrous, he joins a power of sketching and grouping which are happily
demonstrated.”—Morning Post.

“ We could not recommend a better book as a travelling companion
than Mr. Warburton’s. Admirably written as is the work, and eminent-
ly graphic as are its descriptions, it possesses a yet more exalted merit
in the biblical and philosophical illustrations of the writer.”—United
Service Magazine.

“ Mr. Warburton has fulfilled the promise of his title-page. The
' Realities’ of ' Eastern Travel’ are described with a vividness which in-
vest them with deep and abiding interest; while the ‘Romantic’ ad-
ventures which the enterprising tourist met with in his course are
narrated with a spirit which shows how much he enjoyed these reliefs
from the ennui ot every-day life.”—Globe.

Published and for sale by	WILEY & PUTNAM,

161 Broadway.

LONDON AND PARIS LITERARY AGENCY.

O RICH & SONS.

AGENTS FOR THE PURCHASE OF BOOKS FOR
AMERICA.

Agents for the Library of Congress,

The New-York Society Library.

The Albany Institute,

The Boston Athenaeum, &c. &c. &c.

12 Red Lion Square, London.

12 Rue Pot de Per. Paris.

Mr. Rich Respectfully informs his friends and fellow-citizens that he
has formed an establishment in Paris, in connexion with his old estab-
lishment in Red Lion Square, for the purpose of furnishing BOOKS
published on the continent without the heavy expense attending their
transmission through England. Each of these establishments will be
conducted by one of his sons, under his own general superintendence.—
This new arrangement, he trusts, will prove of signal advantage to his
correspondents, and no exertions will be wanting to execute their orders
on the most advantageous terms. Orders may be sent through, and
small sums payed to Messrs. Goodhue & Co. of New-York. Two and a
half per cent will be allowed to all those who make a remittance with
their orders.

Mr. Rich, having made Bibliography his special study for forty years,
possesses a knowledge of books and editions not often to be met with,
and will be happy to give any advice and information respecting the for-
mation of Libraries or Collections of Books in any particular branch of
literature or science. For information in regard to his efficiency, he
begs to refer to Messrs. Prescott, Ticknor, Sparks, Irving, and other lit-
erary characters in the United States, to whom be is known. Intending
to devote the remainder of his life to literary pursuits, his greatest plea-
sure will arise from sending rare and valuable books to his own country;
and he trusts to live long enough to see in the United States a Library
which may bear a comparison with the most celebrated in Europe. If
he can live to say, “ I ALso assisted IN its formation,” his most ar-
dent wishes will be gratified.

Mr. Rich has in press—Bibliotheca Americana Nova: a Cata-
logue of Books relating to America, including Voyages to the South
Seas and round the World: Part III. from 1831 to 1845, with supplement
and index completing the work.

He has also ready for the press, Bibliotheca Americana Vetus : a
Catalogue of Books relating to America from the discovery to the year
1700 ; with notes and observations: in one vol. 8 vo., of about 400 pages.

Mr Rich has also ready a reprint from Thevenot’s Collection of Fath-
er Marquette’s account of the discovery of the Mississippi, entitled,

‘ Decouverte de quelques Pays et Nations de l’Amerique Septentrionale.’
Only 125 copies are printed, which will be distributed among Mr. Rich's

friends and correspondents.			

Mr Rich has also purchased the remaining copies of the part relating
to America of L’Art de Verifier lea Dates; of which ten volumes in oc-
tavo by D. B. Warden, Esq., are printed, and two volumes more, com-
pleting the work, will be published during the course of the present year.

Price of the ten volumes published, - - - -	40 francs

Complete sets of the Art de Verifier les Dates, in 44 vols. 8vo, 160 francs,
instead of 308, the original price.

Paris, May 1,1845._______________________________________may24

SMITH’S WEEKLY VOLUME.

ASELECT CIRCULATING LIBRARY BY THE ORIGINAL
Editor of Wadlie’e Library. This popular periodical is regu-
larly received at the office of the Broadway Journal. Terms, $4
per anuum, single numbers 8 cts. JOHN BISCO, Publisher,
			135 Nassau st., Clinton Hall.

VALUABLE BOOKS OF TRAVEL.

IN PRESS OR JUST PUBLISHED

By harper & Brothers,

NEW YORK.

I.

TRAVELS IN THE EAST.

BY JOHN P. DURBIN, D. D.,

Author of “ Observations in Europe,”

[In press.]

II.

THE TRAVELS OF MARCO POLO.

With Notes and Illustrations.

BY HUGH MURRAY, ESQ.

[In press.]

III.

VOYAGES ROUND THE WORLD.

From the Death of Capt. Cook to the Present Time, &c.

IV.

STEPHENS’ CENTRAL AMERICA.

Comprising interesting Sketches of the remarkable Ruins of that
Country.

2 vols. 8vo. Numerous Plates.

V.

STEPHENS’ YUCATAN.

Including copious Details and Illustrations of the Stupendous
Architectural Relics of the Peninsula.

2 vols.8 vo. 120 fine Engravings.

VI.

DR. FISK’S TRAVELS IN EUROPE,

England, Ireland, Scotland, France, Italy, Switzerland, &c.

With numerous Engraved Illustrations.

VII.

HUMBOLDT’S TRAVELS.

Being a condensed Narrative of his Explorations in Central
America, Asiatic Russia, &c.

1 vol. 18mo. With Cuts.

VIII.

ROBERTS’ COCHIN-CHINA, SIAM, &c.

An Account of his Embassy to those Courts.

1 vol. 8vo.

IX.

JACOBS’ ADVENTURES IN THE PACIFIC.

Comprising a Narrative of Scenes and Incidents in the Islands of
the Australasian Seas, &c.

1	vol. 12mo. Plates.

X.

DR. HUMPHREY’S TOUR.

In Great Britain, France and Belgium, &c.

2 vols. 12mo.

XI.

INCIDENTS OF TRAVEL IN GREECE,

Turkey, Russia, Poland, &c.

BY JOHN L. STEPHENS, ESQ.

2 vols. 12mo. Plates.

XII.

STEPHENS’ TRAVELS IN EGYPT,

Arabia Petrae, and the Holy Land.

2	vols. 12mo. Plates.

XIII.

RESEARCHES IN CAFFRARIA.

Describing the Customs, Character, and Mortal Condition of the
Tribes Inhabiting the Southern Portions of Africa,

BY STEPHEN KAY.

12mo. Plates.

398

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

MANESCA’S ORAL SYSTEM OF TEACHING

THE FRENCH LANGUAGE, pursued by his daughter, Madame
Durand, either in class or private lessons, to Ladies and Gentlemen, at
No. 35 Walker-street.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.
SIR—WE WILL THANK YOU TO CAUTION

the public against a set of imposters who are calling upon our cus- 
tomers, asserting that they are engaged by us in the capacity of agents.
In several instances they have succeeded in obtaining orders. But when
the goods are delivered great dissatisfaction has been given by the infa-
mous and utterly base imitations. But still persisting that the cards j
are our manufacture, they too often succeed in foisting them upon the
unsuspecting. We ourselves would strenuously caution the said parties 
that, should they persist after this notice, we will try what effect a State
Prison will have upon them.

We are, Sir, Your most obt’y,

J. B.CAREY & CO.,

Ornamental Show Card Manufacturers, 323 Broadway.

An agent wanted for New-York City. Also one for New-York State
—whose name will be published as our authorized agent.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE,

THE FIRST PREMIUM AWARDED FIVE YEARS BY THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE
FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF-HAND PENMANSHIP.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY.

No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.
GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M, 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P. M. daily for gentlemen, and
from 11 to 1 o’clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

A CARD.

WM. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANOFORTE,

ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank-street, where his terms
for giving instruction can be ascertained.	myl7

THE BOEHM FLUTE.

PHILIP ERNST, Teacher of the Flute and Gui-

tar, would inform the lovers of Music that he has now for sale sev-
eral of the above celebrated instruments, constructed in every respect in
accordance with those now in use at the Paris and London Royal Acade-
mies. To be seen at PHILIP ERNST’S Music Saloon, 395 Broadway,
near Walker-st.

THE BOEHM FLUTE.

(new intention.)

Adopted at the Royal Academy of Music, London, the Conservatorie at Paris,
and the Principal Musical Institutions in Europe.

MR. LARRABEE, Manufacturer of the ‘Boehm Flute,’

110 Fulton-St. N.Y., anxious to introduce to the Amateurs of this
city the above Important Invention, which has been so enthusiasti-
cally received and generally used by the most distinguished Europe-
an artists, feels happy in being able to place before them the following
testimonial to its merits, signed by two of the most distinguished of our
resident Artists.

We hereby certify to the excellence of the Boehm Flute, as manufactured
by Mr. J. D. Larrabee; to the beauty of its tone, the perfection of
its tune, and the simplicity of its fingering, which renders a bril-
liant execution comparatively easy.

Philip Ernst, (who has already introduced it
successfully among his pupils.)

John A. Kyle, Principal Flute of the Philhar-
monic Society, and Italian Opera, Professor and Teacher of the Boehm
Flute, 41 Forsyth-st. New-York.

Amateurs and Professors are requested to call at the manufactory, 110
Fulton-st. and judge for themselves.

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to

Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assort-
ment of the largest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of the most
superior quality: such as he is prepared to guarantee for their excel-
lence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish, and to endure in any cli-
mate. A liberal discount from the standard prices. Piano Fortes Tuned
and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on hire.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER,

88, 90, & 92 WALKER-STREET, NEAR ELM.

A Large Stock of the finest Instruments always on hand.

TERMS MODERATE.

N. B. Wanted, a second hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes on hire by the month.

PIANO FORTES.—A. H. GALE & CO.’s Ware-

Rooms, No. 289 Broadway—Manufactory Third Avenue, corner of
13th street.

Purchasers are invited to call and examine their extensive assortment
of Rosewood and Mahogany Piano Fortes, with from six to seven oc-
taves, embracing every variety of patterns, made in their well-known
substantial manner, under their immediate and personal superintendence,
by skillful and experienced mechanics, from the best seasoned materials.

 These instruments embrace many important improvements, which
will recommend themselves, and are finished in the highest state of
perfection, with the best French grand action, warranted in every respect
by the manufacturer.

PIANO FORTE S.

THE Subscribers, while returning thanks to their nu-

merous friends and to the public, would, at the same time call atten-
tion to their Stock of Instruments, of six and seven octaves, just finished,
in elegant Rosewood and Mahogany cases.

The Subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNAM,

34 Beekman-St. (late 323 Broadway.)
Manufactory, I3th st., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

N. B. A good second-hand pianoforte for sale.

PIANO FORTES. —JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to the
elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establishment, cor-
ner of Cottage-Place and Bleecker-street, which he will sell as
prices unusually low.

J. P, having been actively engaged in the business for the last twenty
years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two of the
largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying that his instru-
ments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the best makers in
this country or Europe, and that they contain all the real improvements
of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and
Repaired.

New-York, April 28d, 1845.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal-

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made from
choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful workman-
ship, the result of 23 years experience in the business.

FOR SALE—A splendid harp, nearly new. To be sold at a great
bargain for cash. ___________________________

F RILEY & CO., No. 297 Broadway, (between

Reade and Duane-Streets,) N. Y., Publishers of Music, and Man-
ufacturers of Musical Instruments, wholesale and retail. In addition to
their own catalogue (one of the largest in the United States,) they keep
on hand the publications of all the principal Music houses. They are
erecting a large Saloon in the rear of their store, where Piano Fortes of a
superior quality, will constantly be kept on hand

BERTINI’S METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive

work yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this
method, the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases.
The most prominent feature of this work is that the lessons, exercises,
scales and studies are given in such progressive order, that they enlist
the interests of pupils, and carry them almost imperceptibly through those
mechanical difficulties which, otherwise, are too often made irksome in
other instruction books. The time has arrived when a superficial know-
ledge of the Piano is of but little account, and it is only by the study of
such methods as Bertini's that pupils will he enabled to Read music
with facility, and at the same time become good musicians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner; the
rudiments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and each
lesson is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

The publishers are in possession of the highest recommendations from
professional gentlemen, who speak of the superior merits of Bertini's
Method over all others yet published in this country, most of them
having used the foreign copies previously. It will only be necessary to
give a few of the names in the principal cities.

Boston.	New-York.

Messrs. G. J. Webb,	Messrs. H. C. Timm,

J. G. Maedar,	W. Alpers,

H.T. Hach,	U.C. Hill,

E. L. White,	F. H. Brown.

David Paine,	Philadelphia,

A. Kurek,	B. C. Cross,

T. R. Moses.	Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw.

Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the work.
American edition published by E. H. WADE and W. H. OAKES, 197
Washington-street, Boston.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co..............................Boston, Mass.

Colon & Adriance........................Philadelphia, Pa.

R. G. H. Huntington,....................Hartford, Ct.

George Jones,...........................Albany, N.Y.

Thomas H Pease,.........................New-Haven, Ct.

L. Willard...............................Troy.

J. R, Winser, Printer 138 Fulton-street.