 THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, AUGUST 2, 1845.

NO. 4.

Three Dollars per Annum.
Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.

                                                             EDITED BY

EDGAR A. POE AND HENRY C. WATSON.

                                                                        Published at 135 Nassau St.
                                                                        By JOHN BISCO.

                                                            To Isa Singing.

             Upon thy lips now lies
               The music-dew of love;

             And in thy deep blue eyes,—

               More mild than Heaven above—

               The meekness of the dove.

             More sweet than the perfume
               Of snow-white jessamine,

             When it is first in bloom,

               Is that sweet breath of thine,

               Which mingles now with mine.

             Like an AEolian sound
               Out of an ocean shell,

             Which fills the air around
               With music, such us fell
               From lips of Isfrafel,

             Over thy lips now How,

               Out of thy heart, for me,

             The songs, which none can know
               But him who hopes to be
               For evermore with thee.

             And like the snow-white Dove
               Frightened from earth at even—

             On tempests borne above—

               My swift-winged soul is driven
               Upon thy voice to heaven!

                                         T. H. CHIVERS.

                                                         The Business Man.

             Method is the soul of business.—Old Saying.

   I am a business man. I am a methodical man. Method
is the thing, after all. But there are no people I more heart-
ily despise, than your eccentric fools who prate about meth-
od without understanding it; attending strictly to its letter,
and violating its spirit. These fellows are always doing the
most out-of-the-way things in what they call an orderly man-
ner. Now here—I conceive—is a positive paradox. True
method appertains to the ordinary and the obvious alone,
and cannot be applied to the outre. What definite idea can
a body attach to such expressions as “ a methodical Jack o’
Dandy," or “ a systematical Will o’ the Wisp ?"

   My notions upon this head might not have been so clear
as they are, but for a fortunate accident which happened to
me when I was a very little boy. A good-hearted old Irish
nurse (whom I shall not forget in my will) took me up one
day by the heels, when I was making more noise than was

necessary, and, swinging me round two or three times, d--d

my eyes for "a skreeking little spalpeen,” and then knock-
ed my head into a cocked hat against the bed-post. This, I
say, decided my fate, and made my fortune. A bump arose
at once on my sinciput, and turned out to be as pretty an or-
gan of order as one shall see on a summer’s day. Hence that

positive appetite for system and regularity which has made
me the distinguished man of business that I am.

   If there is any thing on earth I hate, it is a genius. Your
geniuses are all arrant asses—the greater the genius the
greater the ass—and to this rule there is no exception what-
ever. Especially, you cannot make a man of business out of
a genius, any more than money out of a Jew, or the best nut-
megs out of pine-knots. The creatures are always going off
at a tangent into some fantastic employment, or ridiculous
speculation, entirely at variance with the “ fitness of things,”
and having no business whatever to be considered as a busi-
ness at all. Thus you may tell these characters immediately
by the nature of their occupations. If you ever perceive
a man setting up as a merchant, or a manufacturer ; or go-
ing into the cotton or tobacco trade, or any of those eccen-
tric pursuits; or getting to be a dry-goods dealer, or soap-
boiler, or something of that kind; or pretending to be a
lawyer, or a blacksmith, or a physician—anything out of the
usual way—you may set him down at once as a genius, and
then, according to the rule-of-three, he’s an ass.

   Now I am not in any respect a genius, but a regular bus-
iness man. My Day-book and Ledger will evince this in a
minute. They are well kept, though I say it myself; and,
in my general habits of accuracy and punctuality, I am not
to be beat by a clock. Moreover, my occupations have been
always made to chime in with the ordinary habitudes of my
fellow men. Not that I feel the least indebted, upon this
score, to my exceedingly weak-minded parents, who, beyond
doubt, would have made an arrant genius of me at last, if
my guardian angel had not come, in good time, to the res-
cue. In biography the truth is everything, and in auto-biogra-
phy it is especially so—yet I scarcely hope to be believed
when I state, however solemnly, that my poor father put me,
when I was about fifteen years of age, into the counting-
house of what he termed “ a respectable hardware and com-
mission merchant doing a capital bit of business !” A capi-
ital bit of fiddlestick ! However, the consequence of this fol
ly was, that in two or three days, I had to be sent home to
my button-headed family in a high state of fever, and with
a most violent and dangerous pain in the sinciput, all round
about my organ of order. It was nearly a gone case with
me then—just touch-and-go for six weeks—the physicians
giving me up and all that sort of thing. But, although I suf-
fered much, I was a thankful boy in the main. I was saved
from being a “ respectable hardware and commission mer-
chant, doing a capital bit of business,” and I felt grateful to the
protuberance which had been the means of my salvation, as
well as to the kind-hearted female who had originally put these
means within my reach.

   The most of boys run away from home at ten or twelve
years of age, but I waited till I was sixteen. I don’t know
that I should have gone, even then, if I had not happened
to hear my old mother talking about setting me up on my own
hook in the grocery way. The grocery way!—only think of

The Wollman Library

                                                      BARNARD COLLEGE

50

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

that! I resolved to be off forthwith, and try and establish

myself in some decent occupation, without dancing attendance

any longer upon the caprices of these eccentric old people,
and running the risk of being made a genius of in the end. In
this project I succeeded perfectly well at the first effort, and
by the time I was fairly eighteen, found myself doing an ex-
tensive and profitable business in the Tailor’s Walking-Ad-
vertisement line.

   I was enabled to discharge the onerous duties of this pro-
fession, only by that rigid adherence to system which formed
the leading feature of my mind. A scrupulous method char-
acterised my actions, as well as my accounts. In my case, it
was method—not money—-which made the man: at least all
of him that was not made by the tailor whom I served. At
nine, every morning, I called upon that individual for the
clothes of the day. Ten o'clock found me in some fashiona-
ble promenade or other place of public amusement. The
precise regularity with which I turned my handsome person
about, so as to bring successively into view every portion of
the suit upon my back, was the admiration of all the know-
ing men in the trade. Noon never passed without my bring-
ing home a customer to the house of my employers, Mes-
sieurs Cut and Comeagain. I say this proudly, but with
tears in my eyes—for the firm proved themselves the bas-
est of ingrates. The little account about which we quarrel-
ed and finally parted, cannot, in any item, be thought over-
charged, by gentlemen really conversant with the nature of
the business. Upon this point, however, I feel a degree of
proud satisfaction in permitting the reader to judge for him-
self. My bill ran thus :

Messrs. Cut and Comeagain, Merchant Tailors,

                       To Peter Proffit, Walking Advertiser, Drs.

July 10. To promenade, as usual, and customer brought home, $00 25
July 11. To do             do.             do.                25

July 12. To one lie, second class; damaged black cloth sold

             for invisible green,                             25

July 13. To one lie, first class, extra quality and size; recom-
             mending milled sattinet as            broadcloth,            75

July 20. To purchasing bran new paper shirt collar or dickey,

             to set off gray Petersham,                        2

Aug. 15. To wearing double-padded bobtail frock, (thermo-
             meter 706 in the shade,)                                     25

Aug. 16. Standing on one leg three hours, to show off new-

             style strapped pants, at 12 1/2 cts. per leg, per hour, 37 1/2
Aug. 17. To promenade, as usual, and large customer brought

             home, (fat man,)                                 50

Aug. 18. To      do.          do.          (medium size,)    25

Aug. 19. To      do,          do. (small man and bad pay,) 6

                                                                                                                                                             $2 96 1/2

    The item chiefly disputed in this bill was the very moder-
ate charge of two pennies for the dickey. Upon my word of
honor, this was not an unreasonable price for that dickey.
It was one of the cleanest and prettiest little dickeys I ever
saw; and I have good reason to believe that it effected the
sale of three Petershams. The elder partner of the firm, how-
ever, would allow me only one penny of the charge, and
took it upon himself to show in what manner four of the same
sized conveniences could be got out of a sheet of foolscap.
But it is needless to say that I stood upon the principle of the
thing. Business is business, and should be done in a busi-
ness way. There was no system whatever in swindling me
out of a penny—a clear fraud of fifty per cent.—no method in
any respect. I left, at once, the employment of Messieurs Cut
and Comeagain, and set up in the Eye-Sore line by myself—
one of the most lucrative, respectable, and independent of
the ordinary occupations.

    My strict integrity, economy, and rigorous business habits,
here again came into play. I found myself driving a flour-
ishing trade, and soon became a marked man upon ’Change.

The truth is, I never dabbled in flashy matters, but jogged
on in the good old sober routine of the calling—a calling in
which I should, no doubt, have remained to the present
hour, but for a little accident which happened to me in the
prosecution of one of the usual business operations of the pro-
fession. Whenever a rich old hunks, or prodigal heir, or
bankrupt corporation, gets into the notion of putting up a
palace, there is no such thing in the world as stopping eith-
er of them, and this every intelligent person knows. The
fact in question is indeed the basis of the Eye-Sore trade.
As soon, therefore, as a building-project is fairly afoot by one
of these parties, we merchants secure a nice corner of the
lot in contemplation, or a prime little situation just adjoining
or right in front. This done, we wait until the palace is half-
way up, and then we pay some tasty architect to run us up
an ornamental mud hovel, right against it; or a Down-East
or Dutch Pagoda, or a pig-sty, or any ingenious little bit of
fancy work, either Esquimau, Kickapoo, or Hottentot. Of
course, we can’t afford to take these structures down under a
bonus of five hundred per cent, upon the prime cost of our
lot and plaster. Can we ? I ask the question. I ask it of
business men. It would be irrational to suppose that we can.
And yet there was a rascally corporation which asked me to
do this very thing—this very thing ! I did not reply to their
absurd proposition, of course; but I felt it a duty to go that
same night, and lamp-black the whole of their palace. For
this, the unreasonable villains clapped me into jail; and the
gentlemen of the Eye-Sore trade could not well avoid cutting
my connexion when I came out.

   The Assault and Battery business, into which I was now
forced to adventure for a livelihood, was somewhat ill adapt-
ed to the delicate nature of my constitution ; but I went to
work in it with a good heart, and found my account, here as
heretofore, in those stern habits of methodical accuracy which
had been thumped into me by that delightful old nurse—I
would indeed be the basest of men not to remember her well
in my will. By observing, as I say, the strictest system in
all my dealings, and keeping a well regulated set of books, I
was enabled to get over many serious difficulties, and, in the
end, to establish myself very decently in the profession. The
truth is, that few individuals, in any line, did a snugger little
business than I. I will just copy a page or so out of my
Day-Book; and this will save me the necessity of blowing
my own trumpet—a contemptible practice, of which no high-
minded man will be guilty. Now, the Day-Book is a thing
that don't lie.

   “Jan. 1.—New Year’s day. Met Snap in the street, grog-
gy. Mem—he’ll do. Met Gruff shortly afterwards, blind
drunk. Mem—he 11 answer, too. Entered both gentlemen
in my Ledger, and opened a running account with each.

   “Jan 2.—Saw Snap at the Exchange, and went up and trod
on his toe. Doubled his fist, and knocked me down. Good !

   —got up again. Some trifling difficulty with Bag, my attor-
ney, I want the damages at a thousand, but he says that,
for so simple a knock-down, we can’t lay them at more than
five hundred. Mem—must get rid of Bag—no system at all.

   “Jan 3. Went tot he theatre, to look for Gruff. Saw him
sitting in a side box, in the second tier, between a fat lady
and a lean one. Quizzed the whole party through an opera
glass, till I saw the fat lady blush and whisper to G. Went
round, then, into the box, and put my nose within reach of
his hand. Wouldn’t pull it—no go. Blew it, and tried
again no go. Sat down then, and winked at the lean lady,
when I had the high satisfaction of finding him lift me up by
the nape of the neck, and fling me over into the pit. Neck dis-
located, and right leg capitally splintered. Went home in

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

51

high glee, drank a bottle of champagne, and booked the
young man for five thousand. Bag says it’ll do.

   “ Feb. 15.—Compromised the case of Mr. Snap. Amount
entered in Journal—fifty cents—which see.

   “ Feb.16.—Cast by that villain, Gruff, who made me a pres-
ent of five dollars. Costs of suit, four dollars and twenty-five
cents. Nett profit—see Journal—seventy-five cents.”

   Now, here is a clear gain, in a very brief period, of no less
than one dollar and twenty five cents —this is in the mere
cases of Snap and Gruff; and I solemnly assure the reader
that these extracts are taken at random from my Day-Book.

   It’s an old saying, and a true one, however, that money is
nothing in comparison with health. I found the exactions
of the profession somewhat too much for my delicate state
of body ; and, discovering, at last, that I was knocked all out
of shape, so that I didn’t know very well what to make of
the matter, and so that my friends, when they met me in the
street, could’nt tell that I was Peter Proffit at all, it occurred 
to me that the best expedient I could adopt, was to alter my
line of business. I turned my attention, therefore, to Mud-
Dabbling, and continued it for some years.

   The worst of this occupation, is, that too many people take
a fancy to it, and the competition is in consequence excessive.
Every ignoramus of a fellow who finds that he hasn’t brains
in sufficient quantity to make his way as a walking advertis-
er, or an eye-sore-prig, or a salt and batter man, thinks, of
course, that he’ll answer very well as a dabbler of mud. But
there never was entertained a more erroneous idea than that
it requires no brains to mud-dabble. Especially, there is noth-
gin to be made in this way without method. I did only a re-
tail business myself, but my old habits of system carried me
swimmingly along. I selected my street-crossing, in the first
place, with great deliberation, and I never put down a broom
in any part of the town but that. I took care, too, to have a
nice little puddle at hand, which I could get at in a minute.
By these means I got to be well known as a man to be trust-
ed ; and this is one-half the battle, let me tell you, in trade.
Nobody ever failed to pitch me a copper, and got over my
crossing with a clean pair of pantaloons. And, as my busi-
ness habits, in this respect, were sufficiently understood, I
never met with any attempt at imposition. I would’nt have
put up with it, if I had. Never imposing upon any one my-
self, I suffered no one to play the possum with me. The
rauds of the banks of course I couldn’t help. Their suspension
put me to ruinous inconvenience. These, however, are not
individuals, but corporations ; and corporations, it is very
well known, have neither bodies to be kicked, nor souls to be
damned.

   I was making money at this business, when, in an evil mo_
ment, I was induced to merge it in the Cur-Spattering—a some-
what an alogous, but, by no means, so respectable a pro- 
fession. My location, to be sure, was an excellent one, be-
ing central, and I had capital blacking and brushes. My lit-
tle dog, too, was quite fat and up to all varieties of snuff.
He had been in the trade a long time, and, I may say, un-
derstood it. Our general routine was this:—Pompey, hav-
ing rolled himself well in the mud, sat upon end at the shop
door, until he observed a dandy approaching in bright boots.
He then proceeded to meet him, and gave the Wellingtons a 
rub or two with his wool. Then the dandy swore very much,
and looked about for a boot-black. There I was, full in his
view, with blacking and brushes. It was only a minute's
work, and then came a sixpence. This did moderately well
for a time;—in fact, I was not avaricious, but my dog was.

I allowed him a third of the profit, hut he was advised to in-

sist upon half. This I could’nt stand—so we quarreled and
parted.

   I next tried my hand at the Organ-Grinding for a while,
and may say that I made out pretty well. It is a plain, straight-
 forward business, and requires no particular abilities. You can
 get a music-mill for a mere song, and, to put it in order, you
I have but to open the works, and give them three or four
 smart raps with a hammer. It improves the tone of the thing,
for business purposes, more than you can imagine. This
done, you have only to stroll along, with the mill on your
back, until you see tan-bark in the street, and a knocker
wrapped up in buckskin. Then you stop and grind; look-
ing as if you meant to stop and grind till doomsday. Pres-
ently a window opens, and somebody pitches you a sixpence,
with a request to “ Hush up and go on,” &c. I am aware
that some grinders have actually afforded to “go on” for this
sum; but for my part, I found the necessary outlay of capital
too great, to permit of my “going on” under a shilling.

   At this occupation I did a good deal; but, somehow, I was
not quite satisfied, and so finally abandoned it. The truth
is, I labored under the disadvantage of having no monkey—
and American streets are so muddy, and a Democratic rabble
is so obtrusive, and so full of demnition mischievous little
boys.

   I was now out of employment for some months, but at
length succeeded, by dint of great interest, in procuring a sit
uation in the Sham-Post. The duties, here, are simple, and
not altogether unprofitable. For example:—very early in
the morning I had to make up my packet of sham letters.
Upon the inside of each of these I had to scrawl a few lines
—on any subject which occurred to me as sufficiently mys-
terious—signing all the epistles Tom Dobson, or Bobby
Tompkins, or anything in that way. Having folded and seal-
ed all, and stamped them with sham post-marks—New Or-
leans, Bengal, Botany Bay, or any other place a great way
off—I set out, forthwith, upon my daily route, as if in a very
great hurry. I always called at the big houses to deliver the
letters, and receive the postage. Nobody hesitates at pay-
ing for a letter—especially for a double one—people are
such fools—and it was no trouble to get round a corner before
there was time to open the epistles. The worst of this pro-
fession was, that I had to walk so much and so fast; and
so frequently to vary my route. Besides, I had serious scru-
ples of conscience. I can’t bear to hear innocent individuals
abused—and the way the whole town took to cursing Tom
Dobson and Bobby Tompkins, was really awful to hear. I
washed my hands of the matter in disgust.

   My eighth and last speculation has been in the Cat-Grow-
ing way. I have found this a most pleasant and lucrative
business, and, really, no trouble at all. The country, it is
well known, has become infested with cats—so much so of
late, that a petition for relief, most numerously and respecta-
bly signed, was brought before the legislature at its last me-
morable session. The assembly, at this epoch, was unusually
well-informed, and, having passed many other wise and
wholesome enactments, it crowned all with the Cat-Act. In
its original form, this law offered a premium for cat-heads,
(fourpence a-piece) but the Senate succeeded in amending
the main clause, so as to substitute the word """"tails" for
“heads." This amendment was so obviously proper, tha
the house concurred in it nem. con.

   As soon as the Governor had signed the bill, I invested my
whole estate in the purchase of Toms and Tabbies. At first,

I could only afford to feed them upon mice (which are cheap)
but they fulfilled the Scriptural injunction at so marvellous-

52

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

a rate, that I at length considered it my best policy to be li-
beral, and so indulged them in oysters and turtle. Their
tails, at the legislative price, now bring me in a good income;
for I have discovered a way, in which, by means of Macas-
sar oil, I can force three crops in a year. It delights me to
find, too, that the animals soon get accustomed to the thing,
and would rather have the appendages cut off than other-
wise. I consider myself, therefore, a made man, and am
bargaining for a country seat on the Hudson.

                                                                                                                        EDGAR A. POE.

                                                                     Song.

                Hush! a spirit from afar
                  Quits its heavenly throne—

                Glorious as the evening star
                  In the sky alone.

                Hush ! it is a spirit laden !

                  With a balm for pain;

                And this snowy phantom, maiden,

                  Is called Hope by men.

                See her wings are shadowing thee !

                  Softly!—let it come;

                Prophet ’tis, to thee and me,

                  Of a happy home.

                Softly! or its wings will close—

                  Now approaching near it,

                Like a storm-sign to a rose.

                  Stalks another spirit.

                Ebon-plumed as moonless night,

                  With no lights about;

                Maiden, drive it from thy sight!

                  For its name is Doubt.

                See its wings are shadowing thee.

                  Never let it come;

                Prophet ’tis, to thee and me,

                  Of a troubled home.

                Doubt the fallen seraph is,

                  Hope is gloomy never ;

                Then the better angel kiss,

                  And hope on for ever.

                                                                                                                          E. H. BURRINGTON.

                                                                    William Wirt.

   Perhaps there was no individual in our country more high-
ly endowed with intellectual gifts than the late William
Wirt—the greatest public blunder of whose whole career
was that late in life, and at the eleventh political hour he
suffered himself to be announced as a candidate for the Pres-
idency, by a party with whom he had not before acted.
But, be this as it may, all must admit who knew him, that
whatever Mr. Wirt did, he did conscientiously. We all
know and feel that to “ err is human,” and we have yet to
learn that error is a proof of selfishness. The Roman Cato,
when he found that

                “ This world was made for Caesar,”
flew to suicide. He might have shunned the deed, and out-
lived Caesar, as Mr. Wirt did the excitement which made
him a Presidential candidate, and still, like him, have served
his country. “ The post of honor is a private station” often-
er than politicians are aware of; but still, without guile,
they have often quit it to return to it without reproach. Un-
lit this event, Mr. Wirt pursued the even tenor of his pro-

fession through a long life, dignifying it with the official
statesmanship of Attorney General of the United States, and
not as a mere lawyer, who, like a drudge-horse, can only go
in the gears of a particular vehicle, but adorning and illus-
trating it with literature and science. His knowledge of
history, and of the ancient and modern classics, was as pro-
found as his legal acquirements, while his political informa-
tion and sagacity kept pace with his other improvements.
His genius was of the first order, and he improved it with
the most sedulous care. He exerted his mind at times as an
author, then an orator, and daily as a lawyer, while his ef-
forts in each department improved his general powers, and
gave him that variety of information and knowledge which,
when combined with genius, makes what Mr. Wirt really
was, a truly great man. Not great only in politics, litera-
ture, or law, but great in each and all, like Lord Brougham.
Many of his countrymen were his superiors in some depart-
ments of learning, as they may be said to have been his su-
periors in some natural endowments—but, for universality
and variety of talent, he was not surpassed.

   Mr. Wirt had none of the adventitious aids of high birth,
fortune, and connexions to help him up the steep of Fame.
He was compelled to force his own way, unaided and un-
friended ; and, like many other great men of our country, he
taught school for a maintenance while he studied law. It
was during that time, while he was a student, or immedia-
tely after he was admitted to practice, that he wrote the
letters of the “ British Spy.” The description of the novi
homines, the new men, which he so eloquently gives in one
of those letters, applied aptly to himself. The eloquence
with which he describes the elevated purposes of oratory,
exhibited his own devotion to the art, while it showed his
capacity of excelling in it.

   It may be said to be almost the peculiar privilege of an
American to win his own way by the gifts which Nature has
given him, with the certainty that success will wait on mer-
it. Wealth and family influence, it is true, have great
weight in the start of a young man; but, in the long run,
superior talents will gain the prize, no matter what may
have been the early disadvantages of their possessor, provid-
ed the resolution to be true to himself comes not too late.
The history of almost every departed, as well as of almost
every living worthy of our country, proves this remark ; and
it is right that it should be so. Perhaps this, more than any
other feature in a Republic, tends to its durability, while it
renders it glorious. The great mass of the people are seldom
wrong in their judgments, and therefore it is that with them
talents meet with a just appreciation whenever they become
known—at least talents for oratory.

   Mr. Wirt had all the qualification for obtaining the popu-
lar good will. He possessed a fine person, remarkable
amenity of manners, colloquial qualities of the first order,
wit at will, and he abounded in anecdotes, which he related
with remarkable pleasantness and tact. A stranger, on en-
tering an assemblage where Mr. Wirt was, would immedia-
tely on perceiving him, have supposed him a superior man.
His person was above the middle height, with an inclination
to corpulency ; his countenance was “ sicklied o'er with the
pale cast of thought;" his mouth was finely formed, and a
physiognomist would have noted that the compression of his
lips denoted firmness, and his smile good humored irony.
He had a Roman nose, the eye of cerulean blue, with a re-
markable arch expression when he was animated, and of
calm thoughtfulness when his features were in repose. His
forehead was not high; but it was broad, with the phreno-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

53

logical developments strongly marked—particularly the po-
etic and perceptive faculties. His hair was sandy, and his
head bald on the top, which, with a Byronian anxiety, he
tried to hide by combing the hair up over the baldness; and
it was much his custom, when engaged in an oratorical dis-
play, to preserve its adjustment by passing his hands over it.
He was much more careful in this regard than is the eloquent
and chivalric Preston, who, though he wears a wig, seems
not only indifferent as to who knows it, but of the wig itself;
for in the sturdy breeze which blew over the Canton Course,
at the Baltimore Convention, it nearly left him—he the while
apparently unconscious, as he fulminated to the vast and
wrapt multitude. Well! the Carolinian may not love the
laurel as Csesar loved it—because it hid his baldness—but he
deserved to have it voted to him long ago for his eloquence.

   General Harrison used to tell, as he gladdened the hearth
at the Bend with stories of the worthies past and present,
how he remembered to have seen Patrick Henry, in the heat
of his glorious declamation, twist the back of his wig until it
covered his brows; and any one who has heard the Senator
from Carolina, would say that the resemblance between
himself and his illustrious relative, extended from great
things to small.

   At the first glance at Mr. Wirt’s countenance, when he
was not engaged in conversation or business, the observer
would have been struck with the true dignity of the man,
whose mind seemed to hold all its energies in perfect control.
His self-possession was absolute. When he arose to address
the court or jury there was no hurry, no agitation about
him, as we perceive in many men. On the contrary, he 
stood collected, while his enunciation was deliberate and
slow. He stated his position with great simplicity—in fact,
it was generally a self-evident one, the applicability of which
to the case, if it were intricate and doubtful, the hearer
might in vain endeavor to trace; but when he heard the ora-
tor to the conclusion, he would wonder that he had fancied
any uncertainty about it: for Mr. Wirt would lead him on
by the gentlest gradations until he was convinced. It may
be mentioned, too, that Mr. Wirt, like Mr. Clay, was a
great taker of snuff, and he handed his box with a grace
which would have rivalled even that of the Kentuckian.
Lord Chatham, it was said, made his crutch a formidable
weapon of oratory: “You talk of conquering America,
sir,’’said he, “ I might as well pretend to drive it before:
me with this crutch.” And so Mr. Wirt made, and Mr.
Clay makes, his snuff-box an oratorical weapon. Mr. Wirt’s
language was at times almost oriental—his figures being of
the boldest, and his diction correspondent. His speeches in
Burr’s trial show this, though latterly he chastened, some-
what, both his diction and his thoughts. He sustained him-
self well in the highest flight of eloquence, his hearers hav-
ing no fear that he would fall from his eminence, like him
in the fable, with the waxen wings. On the contrary, the
hearer felt confident of his intellectual strength, and yielded
his whole feelings to him without that drawback we expe-
rience in listening to some of the ablest speakers, who often
have a glaring imperfection, which is continually destroying
the effect of their eloquence. Mr. Wirt studied oratory with
Ciceronian care, and, in the recklessness with which he
let fly the arrows of his wit, he much resembled the Roman.
The power of ridiculing his adversary was Mr. Wirt’s forte.
The appropriate manner in which he applied an anecdote
was admirable. After he had demonstrated the absurdity of
his opponent’s arguments, with a clearness that the most cri-
tical logician would have admired; after he had illustrated

his position with all the lights of law,—that law whose seat,
Hooker said, “ is the bosom of God, and whose voice is the
harmony of the world,”—and when Mr. Wirt had a strong
case he explored every field of literature and science, bringing
their joint sanction to his purposes;—after he had called up the
truths of philosophy, the experience of history, and the beau-
ties of poetry, all coming like spirits thronging to his call;
after he had expatiated upon the cause with such reflections
as you would suppose Barrow or Tillotson to have used
when speaking of the “oppressor’s wrong”; after he had
done all this, Mr. Wirt would, if the opposite party deserved
the infliction, pour forth upon him a lava-like ridicule, which
flamed while it burned, and which was at once terrible and
beautiful—terrible from its severity and truth, and beautiful
from the chaste language in which it was conveyed.

  Mr. Wirt always struck me as being very much like the
late Prime Minister of England, Canning, in his mind. Can-
ning wanted, and Wirt, in a degree, the power of calling up
and controlling the stronger and deeper passions of our na-
ture. He had not that withering scorn which Brougham
possesses so strongly, nor could he rise above the tempset of
popular commotion, as he tells us Patrick Henry could, and
soar with “ supreme dominion.” He wanted deep passion.
Comparing him with the leading orators of our country, it
would be said that Clay far surpassed him in the power of
controlling a miscellaneous assemblage, when the public
mind was deeply agitated: that Pinckney, on a question of
feudal lore,—Webster in profundity, and on constitutional
law—Calhoun in chivalrous statesmanship, and Preston in
the glow of vehement declamation—would have had the ad-
vantage over him. But, before an auditory who loved to min-
gle wit with argument, and elegance with strength, who
would make truth more beautiful by the adornments of poe-
try, and poetry useful as the handmaid of truth, adding to
all those exterior graces which make oratory so captivating
—before such an auditory it may be said, without great hes-
itation, that Mr. Wirt would have surpassed either of them
in general effect. Mr. Wirt’s gesture, too, that of which the
Grecian thought so much, was in keeping with his other ex-
cellences. The fault was that it was studied; and yet the
art with which he concealed his art was consummate. It
was only by the closest observation that it could be detec-
ted.

  For a long time, Mr. Wirt’s chief opponent at the Balti-
more bar, was Mr. Taney, the present chief justice of the
United States. Mr. Taney removed to Baltimore from Fred-
erick on the death of Mr. Pinckney, and there Mr. Wirt and
himself were the great forensic rivals. No two men of the
same profession could be more different in their intellectual
endowments than were these gentlemen. They were as un-
like in these regards as they were in their personal appear-
ance. Mr. Taney was then thin. He stooped, and his voice was
weak: and such was the precarious condition of his health,
that he had to station himself immediately before and near
the jury to make himself heard by them. Mr. Wirt always
placed himself in front of the trial table, opposite the jury, in
oratorical position. Mr. Taney’s manner of speaking was
slow and firm—never using the least rhetorical ornament,
but pressing into the heart of the case, with powerful argu-
ments, like a great leader with unbroken phalanx into the
heart of a besieged city. His style was plain, unadorned,
and so forcible and direct that it might be called palpable.
With his snuff-box—for the chief justice then, too, used

snuff—compressed in his closed hands, he reasoned for hours

without the least attempt at wit or eloquence. And yet, at

54

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

times, he was truly eloquent, from his deep yet subdued ear-
nestness. In a question of bail, in the case of a youth who
had shot at his teacher, I remember, though then a youthful
student, that a crowded auditory were suffused in tears. It
was the fervor of his own feelings, speaking directly, that
made him eloquent. He did not appear to know that he
was eloquent himself. It was an inspiration which came to
him, if it came at all, unbidden—and which would no more
answer to his call than Glendower's

                                                           “ Spirits from the vasty deep.”

   One of the most interesting cases ever witnessed at the
Baltimore Bar, was a trial in a mandamus case, in which
the right to a church was contested. Mr. Duncan had been
established in the ministry in Baltimore by a number of
Scotch Presbyterians in an obscure edifice. His talents drew
such a congregation that it soon became necessary to build a
larger one. It was done ; and, in the progress of events, the
pastor preached a more liberal doctrine than he had at first
inculcated. His early supporters remained not only unchang-
ed in their faith, but they resolved to have it preached to
them by one with whom they could entirely agree upon re-
ligious matters. The majority of the congregation agreed
with Mr. Duncan. A deep schism arose in the divided flock
which could not be healed, and which was eventually, by a
writ of mandamus, carried before a legal tribunal. Mr. Taney
was counsel for the old school side, and Mr. Wirt for the de-
fendants. The court-room, during the trial, was crowded
with the beauty and fashion of the Monumental City. It
was such a display of eloquence, and a full appreciation of
it, as is seldom witnessed. Mr. Wirt was always happy in
making a quotation ; and in concluding this cause he made
one of his happiest. After alluding to the old school mem-
bers, who, as it has been said, were Scotchmen, and after
dwelling upon the tragedy of Macbeth, the scenes of which
are laid in Scotland, he described their preacher as being in
the condition of Macbeth’s guest; and said, after a stern re-
buke to them, that though they should succeed in their
cause, which he felt confident they would not, they would feel
like the guilty Thane:

                                “ This Duncan

          Hath borne his faculties so meek, hath been

          So clear in his great office, that his virtues

          Will plead like angels trumpet-tongued against

          The deep damnation of his taking off.”

   This quotation was made with such oratorical effect that
there was a deep silence when Mr. Wirt took his seat, which
was succeeded by repeated outbreaks of applause. Mr. Wirt
gained the case.

   As an author, Mr. Wirt’s merits are very high. His
“British Spy” contains sketches of some of our first men,
drawn with a graphic power which makes us regret that he
did not oftener direct his fine mind to the delineation of char-
acter. He was eminently calculated for a biographer. His
high tone of moral feeling would have prevented him from
becoming the apologist of vice, no matter how high were its
endowments; while his great admiration of virtue and talent
would have made him the enthusiastic eulogist of those qual-
ifications which render biography so attractive and so useful.
The great fault of his “ Life of Patrick Henry” is exaggera-
tion. His mind became heated and inflated as he contem-
plated the excellences of Henry as an orator and a man;
and he overcolored that, which, told with more simplicity,
would have been more striking. The effects of Henry’s elo-
quence being so wonderful in themselves, narrated in a plain-
er way, would have more forcibly struck the mind. What
they borrowed from the poetry of the biographer, seems

          “ Like gilding refined gold, painting the lily,

          Or throwing a perfume on the violet.”

   Mr. Wirt’s “ Old Bachelor” is deserving of high commen-
dation. It is written in numbers, after the manner of the
Spectator, Guardian, and Adventurer, and has much of the
eloquence of style which has contributed so largely to the
popularity of those celebrated works. It treats of various
subjects—oratory, poetry, morality, &c.—and abounds in re-
flections happily suited to the condition of young men who
are entering the learned professions. It is not sparse of wit,
while it shows the author’s familiar acquaintance with the old
worthies of English literature—those who drank of the
“well of English undefiled.”

   It should not be neglected to be said of Mr. Wirt that he
was one of those who, in early life, from the pressure of an
unfriended condition upon a mind of excessive sensitiveness,
fell, for a while, into reckless despondency, alternated by
wayward fits of intellectual energy, which had an unfortu-
nate influence upon his habits. Such has often been the sit-
uation of men like him, who had the “fatal gift” without
any other gift—no friendly home—no cheering voice. Alas !
the records of genius for wretchedness are surpassed only by
the records of the lunatic asylum. In fact, its history often
illustrates and deepens the saddest story on the maniac’s
wall. But, to the glory of Mr. Wirt, it is known that his
energies prevailed, that friends came, that religious hope,
which had formerly visited him like the fitful wanderings of
a perturbed spirit, at last made her home by his hearth,
where a beautiful and gifted family grew up around him,
until, full of honors and of years, and of the faith that is be-
yond them, he was gathered to his fathers.

   When contemplating the moral and intellectual character
of Mr. Wirt, it has been regretted that he did not turn away
from the thorny paths of the law, and devote the whole
force of his mind to general literature ; but how could he,
with the poor rewards of literature, support those nearest and
dearest to him ? Yet, had circumstances allowed him to
have done so, he would have been one of the first literary
men of our country. I have frequently heard Mr. Wirt when
opposed to some of our most eminent men, and this slight
sketch is drawn from opinions then entertained and express-
ed. I presented, while he lived, the tribute of my admira-
tion, not to the politician, not to the candidate for the Presi-
dency, but to the author of the “ British Spy,” "The Old
Bachelor,” “ The Life of Henry,” a great lawyer and acute
statesman, a consummate advocate, and last, though not
least, a Christian gentleman: and now that he is dead, I
would fain garner to his memory a worthy testimonial—but
the will must be taken for the deed.

                                         F. W. THOMAS.

                                                            Sonnet—To Science.

                                                     Science ! true daughter of Old Time thou art!

       Who alterest all things with thy peering eyes.

                                                       Why prey’st thou thus upon the poet's heart,
                                                       Vulture, whose wings are dull realities ?

     How should he love thee ? or how deem thee wise,
     Who wouldst not leave him in his wandering
     To seek for treasure in the jewelled skies,

                                                       Albeit he soared with on undaunted wing ?

                                                      Hast thou not dragged Diana from her car ?

       And driven the Hamadryad from the wood
     To seek a shelter in some happier star ?

                                                      Hast thou not torn the Naiad from her flood,

                                                    The Elfin from the green grass, and from me
                                                    The summer dream beneath the tamarind tree ?

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

55

                                                    Critical Notices.

The Lost Pleiad; and other Poems. By T. H. Chivers, M. D.

   New-York: Edward O. Jenkins.

This volume is evidently the honest and fervent utterance
of an exquisitely sensitive heart which has suffered much
and long'. The poems are numerous, but the thesis is one—
death—the death of beloved friends. The poet seems to
have dwelt among the shadows of tombs, until his very soul
has become a shadow. Here, indeed, is no mere Byronic
affectation of melancholy. No man who has ever mourned
the loss of a dear friend, can read these poems without in-
stantly admitting the palpable truth which glows upon every
page.

   The tone of the composition is, in these latter days, a
marvel, and as a marvel we commend it to our readers. It
belongs to the first era of a nation’s literature—to the era of
impulse—in contra-distinction to the era of criticism—to the
Chaucerian rather than to the Cowperian days. As for the
trans-civilization epoch, Doctor Chivers’ poems have really
nothing of affinity with it — and this we look upon as the
greatest miracle of all. Is it not, indeed, a miracle that to-
day a poet shall compose sixty or seventy poems, in which
there shall be discoverable no taint—absolutely none—of
either Byron, or Shelley, or Wordsworth, or Coleridge, or
Tennyson ? In a word, the volume before us is the work of
that rara avis, an educated, passionate, yet unaffectedly sim-
ple-minded and single-minded man, writing from his own
vigorous impulses—from the necessity of giving utterance to
poetic passion—and thus writing not to mankind, but solely
to himself. The whole volume has, in fact, the air of a rapt
soliloquy.

   We have leisure this week only to give, without com-
ment, a few extracts at random—but we shall take an op-
portunity of recurring to the subject.

                                                                    I bear thy spirit calling unto me
                                                                    From out the Deep,

          Like Archytas from out Venetia’s Sea,

                                                                          While I here weep;

          Saying, Come, strew my body with the sand,

                                                                 And bury me upon the land, the land !

          Oh, never, never more ! no, never more !

                                                                           Lost in the Deep !

          Will thy sweet beauty visit this dark shore,

                                                                          While I here weep;

          For thou art gone forever more from me.

          Sweet Mariner ! lost—murdered by the Sea !

          Ever—forever more, bright, glorious One !

                Drowned in the Deep !

          In Spring-time—Summer—Winter—all alone—

                                                                          Must I here weep;

          Thou Spirit of my soul! thou light of life !

          While thou art absent, Shelley ! from thy wife !

                                                                 Celestial pleasure once to contemplate
                                                                 Thy power, great Deep !

          Possessed my soul; but ever more shall hate,

                                                                          While I here weep,

          Crowd out thy memory from my soul, Oh, Sea!

          For killing him who was so dear to me !

                                                                 He was the incarnation of pure Truth,

                                                                          Oh, mighty Deep !

          And thou didst murder him in prime of youth,

                                                                          For whom I weep;

          And, murdering him, didst more than murder me.

                                                 Who was my Heaven on earth, Oh, treacherous Sea !

          My spirit wearied not to succor his,

                                                                          Oh, mighty Deep !

          The oftener done, the greater was the bliss;

                But now I weep;

          And where his beauty lay, unceasing pain

          Now dwells—my heart can know no joy again !

          God of my fathers ! God of that bright One
                Lost in the Deep !

          Shall we not meet again beyond the sun—

                                                                           No more to weep ?

           Yes, I shall meet him there—the lost—the bright—

           The glorious Shelley ! spring of my delight!

           Ah, like Orion on some Autumn night
                 Above the Deep;

           I see his soul look down from Heaven—how bright!
                 While here I weep!

           And there, like Hesperus, the stars of even

           Beacon my soul away to him in Heaven !

                 When thou wert in this world with me,

               Bright Angel of the Heavenly lands !

               Thou wert not fed by mortal hands,

               But by the Nymphs, who gave to thee
               The bread of immortality—

               Such as thy spirit now doth eat
                 In that high world of endless love,

               While walking with thy snowy feet
               Along the sapphire-paven street,

                 Before the jasper-walls above,

               And list’ning to the music sweet
               Of Angels in that heavenly Hymn
               Sung by the lips of Cherubim
               In Paradise, before the fall,

               In glory bright, outshining all
               In that great City of pure gold,

               The Angels talked about of old.

               Because of thine untimely fate,

               Am I thus left disconsolate !

               Because thou wilt return to be
               No more in this dark world with me,

               Must these salt tears of sorrow flow
               Out of my heart forever more !
               Forever more as they do now !
               Out of my heart forever more !

               Thou wert my snow-white Jessamine—

               My little ANGel-Eglantine !
               My saintly Lily ! who didst grow
               Upon my mother’s arms of snow—

               Of whom thou wert the image true—

               Whose tears fell on thy leaves for dew—

               All but those deep blue eyes of thine—

               They were the miniatures of mine,

               Thou Blossom of that heavenly Tree,

               Whose boughs are barren now for thee!

               The sweetest bud she ever bore !

                 Who art transplanted to the skies
               To blossom there forever more
               Amid the Flowers of Paradise.

           Thus shall thou leave this world of sin,

               And soar into the sky,

           Where angels wait to let thee in
               To immortality.

           And those who had nowhere to rest
               Their wearied limbs at night,

           Shall lay their heads upon God’s breast,

               And sleep in sweet delight.

           There, Death’s dark shades no more shall be
               The mystic veil between

           The World which we desire to see,

               And that which we have seen.

           There, father, brother, husband, wife—

               There, mother, sister, friend—

           Shall be united, as in life,

               In joys that never end.

           No pangs shall there disturbs the thrills
               Which animate thy breast ;

           But Angels, on the Heavenly Hills,

               Shall sing thee into rest.

           No slanderous tongue shall there inflame
               Thy heart with words of gall;

           For all shall be in Heaven the same,

               And God shall be in all.

      As graceful as the Babylonian willow
      Bending, at noontide, over some clear stream
      In Palestine, in beauty did she seem
      Upon the cygnet-down of her soft pillow;

                                                                                                                And now her breast heaved like some gentle billow
                                                                                                                Swayed by the presence of the full round moon—

        Voluptuous as the summer South at noon—

      Her cheeks as rosy as the radiant dawn,

        When heaven is cloudless! When she breathed, the air
      Around was perfume ! Timid as the fawn,

        And meeker than the dove, her soft words were
      Like gentle music heard at night, when all
      Around is still—until the soul of care
      Was soothed, as noontide by some waterfall.

   The poems of Dr. Chivers abound in what must undoubt-
edly be considered as gross demerit, if we admit the preva-
lent canons of criticism. But it may safely be maintained

56

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

that these prevalent canons have, in great part, no surer
foundation than arrant conventionality. Be these things as
they may, we have no hesitation in saying that we consider
many of the pieces in the volume before us as possessing me-
rit of a very lofty—if not of the very loftiest order.

Wiley and Putnam's Library of Choice Reading. No. XV.

    Tales from the German of Heinrich Zschokke, by Parke

    Godwin. New York: Wiley & Putnam.

The soil of this country, as far as its literature is concerned,
is undergoing a remarkable culture. Every variety of imple-
ment is at work upon it: ploughing, hoeing, harrowing, be-
sprinkling and be-showering it, after the most wonderful
fashion. We hope the crop may be answerable to these
anxious preliminaries; among which, as one of the most
hopeful, is to be counted Herr Zschokke—whom we have in
various tales of humor, sentiment and wisdom, in the collec-
tion before us.

    As in the opening piece, “ The Fool in the Nineteenth
Century,” Zschokke is said to have delineated himself, it
may be considered as, in many respects, furnishing a key-note
to the author and his method of composition. Several of the
tales are intended to exhibit the conventions, false usages, de-
ceits, and mal-practices of society under the direct light of
Nature. “ I wished to see,” says the Baron Olivier, who, by
obedience to his own instincts and constructions, comes to be
regarded as the ‘Fool in the Nineteenth Century’: “ I wish-
ed to see,” says the Baron, “whether one could live in the
nineteenth century in a European city [read an American as
well,] without embracing all its humbugs, and all the pre-
scribed notions of honor, manners, justice and respectabi-
lity.” The result of which course of proceeding is, that the
honest Baron is set down by all the world as a wonderfully
queer fellow.

    “ Queer fellow! truly,” quoth he, “ that is the proper name
for all those who do not succumb to the common-places and
disorders of the age. Diogenes of Sinope, was regarded as a
fool; Cato the Censor, was considered a pedant by the
Romans; Columbus was pointed at as a crazy man in the
streets of Madrid ; divides was condemned to the Inquisi-
tion ; Rousseau driven from his asylum among the Bernese ;
and Pestalozzi held as more than half a fool, because he as-
sociated with beggars and dirty children, rather than with
the be-powdered and be-queered world! And that I should
be called a queer fellow,—I that presume only to speak, to
think, and to act, naturally and intelligently, according
to my right derived from God—is it not rather a reproach to
ye yourselves?” So much for the Wise Fool; who at the
close of his history, sums up his case with the world in a page
of manly and eloquent statement.

    The other tales are of various character and merit—all of
a popular cast, and with a sprinkling of the better salt of hu-
man nature, to savor the reader’s humanity. But one that
has particularly taken our fancy, is the History and Adven-
tures of the famous Jack Steam : who is indebted for his in-
troduction to the American public, to the accomplished wife
of the editor. And, in the words of the introduction, she proves
in herself a hearty relish for the humorous—a command of
the easy, fluent and unembarrassed style which that species
of composition demands. In a word, she has made Jack
Steam English, without depriving it of its German spirit—a
high merit in translation. We wish we had space to follow
the illustrious and versatile Steam through all the varieties
of fortune, sometimes trudging along the path to school, then
mounted on the people’s shoulders and riding them like a great
donkey : then suddenly unhorsed, and pursued by their most



blest execrations; then up again, like an India-rubber man, to
a better elevation than before, till he is borne by his biogra-
pher into full possession of the chief-burgo-mastership of
Lalenburg, where the historian leaves him in despair of do-
 ing justice to his extraordinary position—shrinks, in fact, as
 he acknowledges, “from the gigantic undertaking of becoming
the Plutarch of this hero,” and demands that he may be al-
lowed “ to take fresh breath, that he may write with greater
vigor hereafter,” should he ever find courage to return to the
 subject.

   Jack Steam was, in fact, the son of the deceased burgo-
 master, Peter Steam, “one of the greatest men of his century.”
Peter’s lofty and philanthropic spirit had never disturbed the
peace of Europe. In sagacity, he surpassed all his contem-
poraries; in judgment, he was infallible; in decision, per-
 fectly correct; and in sallies of wit, there never was one like
him. And he was all this upon the simple ground that he was
first magistrate of the town. Not what he had actually done,
but what he might have done, would, if it were written, fill
 whole folios, and he take rank, if not above, still near to the
most commanding princes in the history of the world. He died
too early for the fortunes of Lalenburg, and only the virtues
of his successor, Mr. Burgomaster Tobias Crack, could miti-
gate the just, but silent scorn of the States, for the loss of the
great Peter Steam. The pedigree of Jack Steam, (for a
busy-body, great man and politician,) was thus, it will be
seen, of the first complexion. If the reader knew of all that
passes in the city of Lalenburg in this authentic history, he
would say that Lalenburg was New York, and Jack Steam

——. But we must leave the book, reluctantly ; accrediting

Mr. Godwin for good editorial service and an excellent col-
lection.

                                                                 —

The Fortune Hunter; or The Adventures of a Man About
   Town. A Novel of New-York Society. By Mrs. Anna
   Cora Mowatt, author of Fashion, etc. New-York; Wil-
   liam Taylor.

We have received this novel at too late a period to do more
than mention it this week, and make an extract front its

  pages. Hereafter we shall do it that full justice which is
demanded by the celebrity and varied talent of its fair au-
thor. As a specimen more of manner than matter, we copy

 the whole of Chapter IV:

                                                “ Oh! Love, young Love,bound in thy rosy bands!"

                                                 BYRON.

   “ Pray, Miss Walton—Arria—pray do not so quicken your pace,”
said Mr. Chadwick, a few moments after he and Miss Walton had left
the house of the Clintons.

    “ Excuse me ; I was hurrying home, like another Cinderella—for

 the hour at which I was order——at which I promised to return, has

  already struck. Had we not better make haste ?"

   “ Must you, then, abridge a pleasure which I have so seldom en-
joyed—so long anticipated, that of acting as your protector, and——

 being alone with you ?” said he, in a tremulous voice.

                                       Arria replied not, but her step—perhaps unconsciously—became
                                       slower. More than a square further they walked in perfect silence.

   “ Arria!”

   “ Mr. Chad”——

   " Say Edgar, rather; have we not known each other long enough
for you to call me by that name ? To me it seems as though you had
been a familiar spirit, ever since I learned to dream of woman. You
are the Egeria that, in my earliest youth, I pictured to myself, and
thought I could love—the one being in whom I find my beau ideal, in
manhood, and whom, therefore, I do love! Am I presumptuous in say-
ing this ! Have I hoped too much, because you evinced toward me
the same frank and affectionate manner with which you delight your
triends ? Was it all my own hopeful folly, when I fancied sometimes
that I had awakened your—your—sympathy ? Nay, that was not the
word I should have used, for I know how fully you sympathize with

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

57

all around you. I—you— dear Arria! Will you not permit me to call
you by that name ?”

   The timid glance—the moist eye a moment lifted to his—the trem- 
bling arm he held within his own—these spoke all that Arria’s tongue
refused to express.

   “ I have not, then, deceived myself!” murmured Edgar, in a voice
tremulous with happiness. “ You listen to me—you do not turn away?
You—oh ! you have been all the world to me, and you permit me to 
hope that I am something to you. The thought of you, Arria, has for
many anxious months formed my whole happiness. Do you believe it
in my power to form yours? Will you trust it in my keeping?”

   “ If I can always make you feel as joyful as now, my happiness
will be secured,” half whispered Arria.

   “ You will consent, then, ever to remain near me, and cheer my
hours of solitude ; ever to teach me such sweet and holy lessons of
truth and goodness as I have already learned from your lips—to give
me some foretaste of that abode of future happiness, in the reality of
which only the existence of such beings as you are could make me be- 
lieve ? And what have I to offer in return?”

   Edgar fancied he heard Arria breathe “ your love !”— but it was
the expression of her countenance rather than the movement of her
lips which conveyed the idea.

   “ I have only the wealth of the heart to lay at your feet,” he con-
tinued, with a touch of humor which was natural to him: “ and that
will not purchase ' house and lands,’ and all else that, if we had the
fairy’s wishing cap, we might desire. I am but a young student, with
all the gold I may ever possess not yet disencumbered from the rough
soil of my brains. But as I am now, even so was my father thirty
years ago, and he rides in his carriage to-day. I have health, I have
energy, and I hope ordinary abilities. Is not this all that a young man
in this happy land need desire ? Some foreigner says that it is as easy
for an American to make a fortune when he has none, as it is for him
to spend one if he chances to have one left to him. I think my pros-
pects bright while Arria smiles, and should they ever be darker”——

   “ Her smile must brighten them still ?”

   “ It shall—it will! Come the worst that Fate can send, that smile
shall disarm her wrath. With you to protect, what an incentive shall I
have for exertion ! And have I indeed secured to myself such a life-
long source of joy ! I can hardly credit my own happiness. Ah ! Ar-
ria, will you never repent that you consented to become the light of the
poor student’s home ?”

   “ Shall I ever love him less? You question my love when you ask.”
   “ I would as soon question”

   “ Hush ! Speak lower; we are just home. Bid me a hasty good
night! I am afraid that that is Mrs. Lemming at the window.”
" You shall not thus fear her long, loveliest and best beloved!”

   “ Hush ! hush !” whispered Arria timidly. Leave me now, I beg
of you.”

   “ Adieu, then, mine own Arria—mine for ever!”

   “ Adieu, de— dear Edgar !

   She had hardly uttered the words before the door opened and she
sprang into the house. But they resounded in Edgar’s ears when he
sought his pillow that night in his dreams ; in his dreams they were
re-uttered in the same tenderly harmonious tone: and when the mor-
ning sun fell brightly on the placid countenance of the sleeper, he
awoke to spring up, repeating to himsel, “ de—dear Edgar!"

Wiley & Putnam's Library of Choice Reading. No. XVI.

   Prose and Verse. By Thomas Hood. Part I.

This collection is designed to embrace Hood’s more earnest
writings—in the words of the editor, “ those which were
written most directly from the heart, which reflect most
faithfully his life and opinions." Heretofore his lighter effu-
sions, his puns and quibbles, are all that the American pub-
lic have had an opportunity of appreciating.

   Part I. contains the Preface to Hood’s own ; The Pugsley
Papers; The Dream of Eugene Aram ; Black, White, and
Brown; I remember—I remember; The Portrait; Literary
Reminiscences; My Apology; The Lost Heir; An Under-
taker ; Miss Killmansegg ; Fair Ines; A Ballad ; Ruth ; Au-
tumn ; A Song ; and the Ode to Melancholy ;—a very judi-
cious selection. We shall speak of it again hereafter. In
the meantime we quote a few well-considered words from
the Preface of the American editor:

   The grand law of morality which protects the rights of the author,
and distributes his works to the world in accordance with those rights,
will be found to be the just measure by which his writings can be re-
ceived with any advantage. A complicated system of checks and
counter checks—all of them necessary—depends upon the recognition
of that primary right. The due responsibility of the author, the force
of his character depends upon it. A just competition, the sacred right
to be free and equal ” between the native and the foreign author,
depend upon it. A proper Nationality in our case depends upon it.—
Follow out the system where you will, it will be found, here as else-
where, that only the just and right are profitable.”

The Waverley Novels ; with the Author's latest Corrections
   and Additions. Complete in Five Vols., (3340 pp.) for
   Two Dollars and Fifty Cents. Vol. III. Philadelphia :
   Carey & Hart.

This volume contains Kenilworth; the Pirate; the Fortunes
of Nigel; Peveril of the Peak; and Quentin Durward. In
New-York the work is for sale by Messrs. Burgess, String-
er & Co.                 ------

Pictorial History of the World. By John Frost, LL. D.
No. VI. of this beautifully printed work is published—for
sale by Messrs. Burgess, Stringer, & Co.

The Godolphin Arabian ; or the History of a Thorough-
   Bred. A Sporting Romance. By Eugene Sue. New-
   York: E. Winchester.

We have read this tale with great interest. It is in Sue’s
best manner—full of a rich pathos—and in all respects ex-
cellent, without being intense.

Praise and Principle ; or For What shall I Live? By the
  “Author of Conquest and Self-Conquest," “ Woman an
  Enigma," etc. New-York : Harper ip Brothers.

A duodecimo of some 250 pages, neatly bound. The story
is really admirable—equal to Sandford and Merton—and
somewhat resembling it in general tone and manner.

The Wandering Jew. By Eugene Sue. No. XV. New-
  York : Harper & Brothers.

Here is a vast amount of reading matter furnished for three
cents. The story proceeds with interest.

Mrs. Caudle's Curtain Lectures. New-York: E. Winchester.
A complete collection. Of course it is unnecessary to say
one word in behalf of the unfortunate Caudle.

Blackwood's Edinburgh Magazine. No. CCCLVJI. New
  American Edition. Vol. XXI—No. 1. New-York: Leon-
  ard Scott Co.

This, the July No., commences a new volume, and contains
some excellent papers — among others, “ House-Hunting in
Wales,” and a continuation of the “Suspiria de Profundis."

The Breach of Promise. A Novel. By the Author of "The
   Jilt," “Cousin Jeffrey," etc. New- York: Harper & Broth-
   ers.

This is No. 57 of the “ Library of Select Novels.” “ The
Jilt” is one of the best fictions of its class, and the “ Breach
of Promise ” has a strong family resemblance.

Life in Dalecarlia. The Parsonage of Mora. By Freder-
   ika Bremer. Translated by William Howitt. New-York:
   Harper & Brothers.

This is No. 58 of the “ Library of Select Novels,” and one
of the best compositions of its noted authoress. It is pecu-
liarly wild and entertaining.

58

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

An Encyclopoedia of Domestic Economy, &c. New-York:
   Harper & Brothers.

This will be completed in 12 numbers, embracing 1000 en-
gravings. No. 7 is issued.

The Treasury of History. No. VII. New- York : Daniel
   Adee.

This, we presume our readers know, is the valuable work of
Maunder. The republication will be completed in twelve
numbers.

                                                                         Bridal Ballad.

             The ring is on my hand,

               And the wreath is on my brow ;
             Satins and jewels grand
             Are all at my command,

               And I am happy now.

             And my lord he loves me well,

               But, when first he breathed his vow,
             I felt my bosom swell—

             For the words rang like a knell,

             And the voice seemed his who fell
             In the battle down the dell,

               And who is happy now.

             But he spoke to re-assure me,

               And he kissed my pallid brow,

             While a reverie came o'er me,

             And to the church-yard bore me,

             And I sighed to him before me,
             Thinking him dead D’Elormie,

               “ Oh, I am happy now !’’

             And thus the words were spoken,

               And this the plighted vow,

             And, though my faith be broken,

             And, though my heart be broken,
             Behold the golden token

               That proves me happy now !

             Would God I could awaken!

               For I dream I know not how.

             And my soul is sorely shaken
             Lest an evil step be taken,—

                                                                                                                                     Lest the dead who is forsaken
                                                                                                                                     May not be happy now.

EDGAR A. POE.

                                           Musical Department.

    French Opera.—La Juive has been produced at the Park
in a style of unexampled splendor. It is essentially a show
piece, and as such it is very imposing. Its success in Paris
and London was very great, but although the scale of pro-
duction was of much greater extent in both those cities than
it could be here, yet for magnificence of appointments and
costume, and correctness of detail, La Juive as produced by
the French company here, has scarcely been excelled in Eu-
rope. The scene of the opera is laid in Germany; the time
about the fifteenth century. The characters are as follows:

   Eleazer, a Jew goldsmith, .         -      . M. Arnaud.

                                            Rachel, the Jewess, ..... M’lle Calve.

                                            Cardinal de Brogny, President of Council, . M. Douvry.

   Prince Leopold, ..... M. Coeuriot.

   Princess Eudoxia,              ....           Md’me Casini.

                                            The Grand Provost of the City of Constance, - M. Garry.

                                            Emperor Sigismond, .... Montassier.

   Albert, a Captain in the Emperor’s Guard, -   .       Jules.

   A Nobleman, attendant of the Emperor, -          - Chaffary.

    Leopold, prince of the empire, and husband to Eudoxia,
has become deeply enamored of Rachel, the daughter of



Eleazer, a Jew goldsmith. The scene opens in the city of
Constance, a short time previous to the triumphal entry of
 the emperor Sigismond, who is on his way home, having
 completely routed the Hussites. The people are feasting,
frolicking, and drinking on this great holiday. The Provost
has decreed that no hand shall be lifted in labor during the
day. Presently the sound of a hammer is heard proceedin
from the house of the Jewish goldsmith. He and his daugh-
ter are torn from the house, and would have fallen victims
to the bitter hatred of the populace, but for the interference
of Rodolph, who, disguised as a Jew, and wearing the dis-
tinguishing badge of that persecuted people, comes to their
assistance. The officer of the guard recognizes the Prince, and
compels the people to retire. Rodolph, having deceived Elea-
zer as to his religion, is a welcome visiter at the house. On
the evening of that eventful day, when the Jewish house-
hold are partaking of the evening meal, the Princess Eudoxia
is ushered in. She purchases some valuable ornaments to pre-
sent to her husband, and directs the Jew to bring them to the
grand banquet on the morrow. When the Princess and the
Jew depart, Rodolph urges Rachel to fly—acknowledges
himself a Christian, and threatens if she refuses, to give him-
self up to the sanguinary law, which consigns both Jew and
Christian to death if acknowledging a mutual passion. She
at last consents, but as they are about to leave the house, they
are met by the Jew returning. Eleazer discovers the perfidy
of Rodolph, and would have killed him, but for the prayers
of Rachel; however, both father and daughter spurn the
deceiver from the house with scorn and contumely.

    At the banquet scene, whither the Jew and his daughter
proceed by the command of the Princess, Rachel discovers in
the husband of Eudoxia, the pretended Jew, her recreant lover.
They are both condemned to death. However, urged by
the prayers of Eudoxia, and prompted by her own deep love,
which even her wrongs could not destroy, Rachel acknow-
ledges herself alone guilty, and the Prince is pardoned.

    Previous to the period at which our story begins, the Pre-
sident of the council, Cardinal de Brogny, then in power in
Rome, had caused Eleazer to be most unjustly banished from
that city, and the Jew, in revenge for such injury, had stolen
from the Count—not then a priest—his only daughter. This
child, now grown to womanhood, was the condemned Jew-
ess—condemned, too, to a fearful death by her own father.
Eleazer and Rachel are led, with much pomp and ceremony
to the place of execution. Rachel is about to be cast in the
boiling cauldron, when the Jew discloses to the Christian
Cardinal the fearful secret, which, in his bitter hatred he had
stored up for years. But too late, too late—for triumphing
in the agony of his enemy, he rushes to his fearful doom, and
perishes with his adopted child. The opera thus concludes.

    We must Isay that Mad’lle Calve, as Rachel, exceeded
our expectations, for the character is not in her line, and we
therefore did not look for much ; we were sure that what
she did she would do well, for she is too good an artist to
do any thing badly. But Mad’lle Calve caught much of the
spirit of the part, and only wanted the physique to render her
execution all that could be desired. Her singing and acting
in the duet with Rodolph, in the 2d Act, were truly admira-
ble, as also in the trio which follows. Her dressing was, as
usual, admirable.

    Md’me Cassini appears still too nervous to do herself jus-
tice. She evidently sings much better than her present per-
formances would lead the public to suppose. If she would
strive to cast off the diffidence which now so evidently op-
presses her, she would be heard to much greater advantage,
and her acting would necessarily become less awkward and

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

95

constrained. She cannot but feel that the public is kindly
disposed towards her, and would gladly second her improved
efforts. Take courage, then, Maadme.

   M.Arnaud made up for the Jew most admirably, and sang
with his usual fine taste. On this occasion, however, two
faults were very prominently displayed—namely, a too con-
stant use of the falsetto, and a too great contrast caused by
an injudicious, and too frequent use of his full power.—
Shouting upon good and strong notes is a very general fault
with singers in this country ; Antognini has fallen into it,
and Perozzi and Valtellina were much condemned for it.—
We trust that M. Arnaud will ponder and improve.

   M. Coeuriot we were glad to see had recovered from his
recent illness, with voice and energy quite unimpaired. He
is a great favorite with the public, and independent of his
excellent singing, his acting is full of force and passion, and
forms the very life of the piece.

   M. Garry did the little he had to do with much care and
skill.

   M. Douvry sings with much skill; his taste is excellent,
and his judgment is not to be cavilled at, but he has an un-
fortunate habit of singing out of tune. We believe that he
might avoid it by taking proper care, for it only occurs at
intervals. He has a voice of good compass, but the music
awarded to the Cardinal is too low for him. We are entire-
ly opposed to any innovations upon the music written by the
composer, but in this or any similar case, where the music
is beyond the range of the voice of the person who is en-
trusted with its execution, we could forgive some flight al-
teration for the improved effect.

   The chorusses were given with much precision, and the
effect was commensurate with the effort. The Band was,
as usual, excellent. The brass, to be sure, was very pre-
dominant, but the fault rests more with the composer’s par-
tition than with the band or its leader.

   The French press has endeavored, by puffing and raving
to an extraordinary extent, to elevate Halevy to the rank of
classical composers. Upon what grounds they founded their
opinions, we are at a loss to discover. Halevy is undoubt-
edly a man of ability ; he understands his business, but he
evidently possesses no original genius. Out of Paris his
music has been characterized as heavy and labored. We
find it not only heavy and labored, but boisterous and noisy ;
wanting in that species of melody which goes home to the
heart: that melody which, being the offspring of an ardent
temperament, a vivid imagination, and a deep appreciation
of the beautiful, rather than the result of study, decides at
once upon the originality of thought in the composer. That
there are several pieces of great beauty in the Opera, we
freely acknowledge. Indeed, it would be strange if some
beauties could not be found in a work of some four hours’
duration; but the little that is good, while it affords a pleas-
ing relief to the hearer, only serves to render the cumber-
some whole the less endurable. The music, generally, is in
truth well suited to a melo-dramatic spectacle, being but lit-
tle elevated above the music usually devoted to that class of
entertainment.

   The instrumentation, while it displays the writer’s perfect
acquaintance with the elements of the Orchestra, is in the
worst possible school. Its chief characteristic is noise. The
brass instruments are used incessantly; sometimes, to be sure,
with masterly effect, as in the drinking chorus in the 1st Act;
but there is a total want of repose—the ear is never rested.
How unlike the delicious partition of Auber, Herold or Mey-
erbeer ! Their scores display the true artistical coloring;

their musical chiaro oscuro is perfect, and we experience
feelings of delight while hearing them, similar to those
which affect us while gazing upon a delicious landscape by
Salvator Rosa—not that we would affect to draw any com-
parison ; we speak only of the effect of the perfect unity.

  The “getting up” of the Opera is indeed admirable.—
The costumes are rich and true to the period ; the magnifi-
cent suits of armor make a very imposing appearance, and
the banners, &c., &c., add to the general effect. As a spec-
tacle, we doubt if it has ever been equalled upon the Amer-
ican stage.

  The next Opera to be produced is Meyerbeer’s “Hugue-
nots.”

                                                                                          An Apology for Church Music and Musical Festivals, by
                                                                                          Edward Hodges, Mus. Doct. of Sidney Sussex College,

   Cambridge.

The Standard proceeds with a quotation from the “ Life of Mary
Graham,” which is excellent but not to the point, seeing that it is
an eulogy upon sacred music, rather than a deprecation of it, and
concludes with a touching exhortation to those who are affected
by it not to mistake the feelings excited by music only, for the in-
fluence of genuine religious sentiments: after which the article
proceeds,

   “ And now one word to church music generally—a word which we think
it the more imperative to otter, because we have observed a strong disposi-
tion amongst some of the best ministers of the Church, to increase its quantity
by chaunting, to the organ, the ' Te Deum,’ the ‘ Jubilate,’ the ' Nunc dimit-
tas,’ [dimittis] and other portions of the church service, so eloquent, so full
of masculine dignity in their composition, that music, or any other added or-
nament, cannot fail to deform them. The word that we would say, we shall
put into the form of a question. Has church music proved favorable to de-
votion amongst the humbler classes? Has the addition of an organ in-
creased the congregation of country churches ? Nay, has it not had the re-
verse effect? Has it not deprived the people frequently of the interest
which they took in what we may intelligibly, though not properly call as a
distinction, the vocal part of the church service ? Our own experience cer-
tainly concludes unfavorably to the use of instrumental music in Divine
worship; and for a reason which we have hinted above, we wish to see all
the musical part of the service within the old limits, which were sufficient
to give rest to the clergyman.

   “To return to the Westminster festival. Might it not be as well held in
Westminster Hall as in Westminster Abbey, where all occasion of offence
would be removed! The purpose of the celebration is good; the celebration
itself blameless: the only objection is to the place—why not change the place ?
Why set an example of treating lightly the reverence due to sacred things ?
One more last word. We know to what irritable race musical people be-
long ; and therefore we declare that we shall not defend in controversy any
of the opinions which we have advanced above. Our fair readers, of all
ages, and sexes, and professions, may call us Goths, with a perfect assurance
that they will not be answered.”

   However, notwithstanding the “assurauce” with which the fore-
going paragraph terminates, the editor was induced to bestow yet
more last words upon the subject in his paper of April 2. This ef-
fect was elicited by the remonstrances of a correspondent who
signs himself “an Humble Churchman,” who had adduced several
pertinent quotations from the works of the Rev. W. Jones, of Nay-
laud, one of which shall be here introduced.

   “ Music will need no other recommendation to our attention, as an im-
portant subject, when it shall be understood, as I mean to show in the first
place, that it derives its origin from Gad himself; whence it will follow,
that so far as it is God's work it is His property, and may certainly be ap-
plied as such to His service. The question will be, whether it may be ap-
plied to any thing else.”

   The signal excellence of this pious sentiment will, I am sure, be
a sufficient justification of its insertion in this place, notwithstanding
it does in a manner anticipate the orderly course of the subject.
The editor of the Standard comments upon the letter thus:

   “ The great respect in which we hold the opinions of our correspondent,
‘An Humble Churchman,’ causes us to deviate, though very reluctantly,
from the resolution which we avowed at the time, not to defend in contro-
versy our opinions upon the subject of church music. Upon a careful peru-
sal of our correspondent's letter, however, we discover, as we think, that
our dispute may be brought within a very narrow compass. Is the enjoy-
ment derived from music, sensual or intellectual ? If it be sensual merely,
then all the extraordinary effects ascribed to music are, plainly, objections to
its admission as a part of an intellectual service. Now, we agree with our
correspondent that the reception of musical sounds, through the agency of
the senses, is not, alone, conclusive—that the pleasure derived from those
sounds is purely sensual; but when we find that the pleasure is just as great
where the sounds do not and cannot, in any way, convey any definite idea to the
understanding, we must conclude that with the senses it begins and ends—in
other words, that it is purely sensual; and that such it is, appears plainly en-
ough to us from the fact, that it acts as powerfully upon irrational animals as
rational; and that those of our own species, who delight in music, are as
much affected by it when it is accompanied by the words af an unknown language,
or unaccompanied by any words whatever. This appears to us as decisive
against the intellectual character of music. The question then is, as to the
convenience of an alloy of what is not intellectual, infused into ' the singing
of the heart and of the understanding.' Some are excited by music; some
are excited by dancing ; some are excited by opium, and by less innocent
means of intoxication. Under excitement produced by any of these means,

60

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

their devotions may appear to themselves more sincere, and to others more
fervent; but the heart of man, ‘deceitful above all things,' never deceives
itself more completely, or perhaps more fatally, than when it mistakes the
fever of excitement for the steady plow of piety.

   “As to our correspondent’s reference to the Jewish ritual, we would re-
mind him that other means of excitement than music were permitted in that
ritual ; wisely permitted according to the purpose of the Jewish dispensation,
and to the state of the peculiar people to whom that dispensation was given:
according, we may add, to the state of the surrounding country. The Gos-
pel, however, without changing the object of man’s adoration, or the moral
purpose of man’s improvement, introduced a system of worship not more
strongly contrasted in the glorious comprehensiveness of its objects, than in
the severe simplicity of its forms. It is the Gospel of the poor, as well as
of the rich—of the rude, as well as of the refined; as such it was dispensed
by its Divine Author : as such it ought to be dispensed by his servants.
There is not one word in the noble liturgy of our own Church, which is not
as plain to the comprehension of the most ignorant as of the most learned;
not one word, which gravely addressed to the general understanding, may
not, under the grace of Divine Providence, reach the understanding and the
heart too, of the humblest worshipper. What needs there then the aid of
music ? We had almost said, what justification is there for exposing men to
the danger of mistaking animal sensation for a masculine devout conviction?
Our own experience certainly has been, that the introduction of instrumental
music is the reverse of beneficial, more particularly in country churches; other-
wise we should not have alluded to a subject so much out of the province of
a daily newspaper. But we think, we must repeat it, that the church organ
has done much to fill Dissenting chapels, and to repel the humbler classes of our
fellow-subjects to much worse places than Dissenting chapels. We have no
wish to see our Cathedrals closed, or to have their choirs silenced. Let
those who delight in music, and are satisfied that music aids their devotions,
repair to those Cathedrals they are generally of the higher and middle class-
es, and therefore will feel little inconvenience. But let us, the poor, un-
learned, rude, and humble, still have the severe simplicity of our parochial
service

   " Our correspondent will observe that our objections are all strictly prac-
tical ; and he, at least, will not charge us with any spirit of Puritanism. We
can assure him that as far as respects the effect of church music upon the
class to which we ourselves belong, we have merely stated the result of very
general, not local, observations, continued through a great number of
years.

   “ This allusion to the subject must be final, on our part; but we anxiously
hope that it may be taken up by others better qualified than we are, and who
can command a field of discussion more worthy of the subject.”

   Nevertheless this allusion was not final, for a few days after-
wards appeared some further remarks upon the subject, wherein
the Editor shewed some tendency to shift his ground, and fell back
upon one of Queen Elizabeth’s injunctions to the clergy, (of which
more hereafter,) as his army of reserve. Again he was induced
to touch upon the matter in consequence of what fell from the
Duke of Newcastle in the House of Lords ; on which occasion the
Editor reiterated his recommendation to hold the festival in some
other place than Westminster Abbey.

                                                       The Drama.

  At Niblo's Mrs. Mowatt concluded her engagement on the
26th ult. Her last appearance was as the Duchess in “ Faint
Heart Never Won Fair Lady,” and Katherine, in “Kathe-
rine and Petruchio.” The former of these pieces is one of
the best things of its kind. It has all the neat epigrammatic
spirit of the French Vaudeville—the ingenuity of its construc-
tion is remarkable—its incidents are vivid yet natural—its
characters are well sustained—its sentiments are occasionally
noble—and, upon the whole, we know nothing of the same
nature which combines so much of truthfulness with so much
of pure jeu d'esprit. Not its least merit is its unity to effect.

  Nothing, we think, could be better than Mrs. Mowatt's
personation of the Duchess. The part, to be sure, affords
little opportunity for histrionic display—but the astonishment
at Ruy Gomez’ audacity—this astonishment at first merged
in indignation—then gradually becoming admiration—and
this suddenly converted into love—were points so admirably
managed by the fair actress, as to leave nothing to desire.
The beautiful lips of Mrs. Mowatt have, we fear, a singular
facility in the expression of contempt.

  In Ruy Gomez Mr. Crisp was intolerable. He entirely
misconceives the character. The Spaniard, as designed by
Planche, is a dashing, ardent, chivalric cavalier, urged to the
extreme of audacity by the madness of his passion, but pre-
serving through all a true dignity, and the most uncompro-
mising respect for the lady of his love. Mr. Crisp makes
him an impudent trickster—at times even a vulgar chuckling
mountebank—occasionally a simpering buffoon. The Mar-
quis of Santa Cruz was well represented by Nickerson.
Miss Taylor spoke and stepped more like a chambermaid

 than a prince.

   Even of the “ Katherine and Petruchio,” as Shakspeare
conceived it, we have no very exalted opinion. The whole
 design of the play is not only unnatural but an arrant im-
 possibility. The heart of no woman could ever have been
reached by brute violence. But, as this drama originally
stood, it contained many redeeming traits of nature and
truth. These, it was the opinion of Cibber, interfered with
the spirit of the thing, and accordingly he left them out—or
if one or two were suffered to remain, our modern managers
unsparingly uprooted them. The “ Katherine and Petruchio”
of Niblo’s, is absolutely beneath contempt—a mere jumble
of unmeaning rant, fuss, whip-smacking, crockery-cracking,
and other Tom-Foolery of a similar kind. With a play of
this character nothing could be done—and, as far as we could
perceive, nothing was.

   In taking leave of Mrs. Mowatt for the present, we have
only again to record our opinion that, if she be true to her-
self, she is destined to attain a very high theatrical rank.
With the one exception of mere physical force, she has all
the elements of a great actress. Her conceptions of charac-
ter are good. Her elocution is excellent, although still suscep-
tible of improvement. Her beauty is of the richest and most
impressive character. Her countenance is wonderfully ex-
pressive. Her self-possession is marvellous. Her step is
queenly. Her general grace of manner has never, in our
opinion, been equalled on the stage—most decidedly it has
never been surpassed. These qualities alone would suffice
to assure her a proud triumph—but she possesses a quality
beyond all these—enthusiasm—an unaffected freshness of
the heart—the capacity not only to think but to feel.

   At the Park the French operatic troupe have been delight-
ing large, fashionable, and intellectual audiences, La Juive
has been the attraction. The admirable manner in which it
 is brought upon the stage, cannot be too highly commended.
For farther comments on this opera, we refer the reader to
our Musical Department.

   At Castle Garden, Pico has been singing—delightfully of
course — and Herr Cline has been performing his usual
wonders upon the tight rope. The audiences have been
large and very respectable.

   At the Chatham, a vast number of people without coats,
have been thrown into raptures by the representation of
“The Female Horsethief,” in which the leading character is
one Margaret Catchpole, and the leading incident her riding
en homme a very lazy and very stupid little horse.

                                                                                                                Editorial Miscellany

     Few American writers have been received with more fa-
vor than Mr. Mathews in England. The notices his writ-
ings have called forth have been remarkable (we remember
particularly one by Douglas Jerrold, whose sympathy is an
honor to any man,) for a spirit of generous appreciation of his
good qualities, and the interest and faith shown in the devel-
opment of the man. A critic in Tail’s Magazine thus
speaks of the volume of Poems on Man.

     This is a slight book in its exterior form, and the frame-work of
the intention of it is slighter still. The American writer, Mr. Corne-
lius Mathews, is the secretary of the Author’s Copy-right Protection
Club in New York ; and is known in his own country by the “ Motley
Book" “ Puffer Hophins,” and other humorous prose works of the like
order, indicating a quick eye and a ready philosophy in the mind that
waits on it; generous sympathies towards humanity in the mass ; and
a very distinct and characteristic nationality. He has written also a

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

61

powerful fiction called “ Behemoth.” The small volume before us
consists of poems: and both for their qualities and defects, they are
to be accounted worthy of some respectful attention. To render clear-
er the thought which is in us, we pass to general considerations. The
contrast between the idea of what American poetry should be, and
what it is, is as plain as the Mississippi on the map. The fact of the
contrast faces us. With abundant flow and facility, the great body of
American verse has little distinct character of any kind, and still less
national character. There is little in it akin to the mountains and
rivers, the prairies and cataracts among which it arises. This sound
from the forest is not of them. It it as if a German bullfinch, escaped
from the teacher’s finger into the depth of the pines, sate singing his frag-
ment of Mozart in learned modulation, upon a rocking, snowy branch.
And we find ourselves wondering how, in the great country of America,
where the glory of liberty is so well comprehended, and where nature rolls-
out her waters and lifts her hills, as in attestation of a principle worthy of
her beauty,—the poetry alone should persist in being lifeless, flat, and im,
itative, as the verse of a court-rhymer when he rests from the bow of office
among the fens of Essex. It is easier to set this down as a fact (and
the American critics themselves set it down as a fact), than to define
the causes of it. And the fact of the defective nationality of the lite-
rature of a young country, suggests the analogy of another fact—the
defective individuality attributable to a young person: and the like-
ness may be closer than the mere analogy expresses. Nationality is
individuality under the social and local aspect; and the nationality
of a country’s literature is the individuality of the writers of it in the
aggregate. It is curious to observe, that the ‘ wild oats’ sown in lite-
rature by the youthful author as by the youthful nation, are, generally
speaking, as barely tame as any stubble of the fields. Perhaps there
is a bustling practicalness in both cases, which hinders that inner pro-
cess of development necessary to the ulterior expression. Perhaps
the mind, whether of the nation or of the man, must stand, before the
cream rises. However this may be, we have given utterance to no
novel form of opinion on the subject of American poetry in the mass.
And let no one mistake that opinion. We do not forget—how should
we ?—such noble names as Longfellow’s may nobly lead, as Whittier’s
may add honor to; we believe in the beautiful prophecy of beauty con-
tained in the poems of Lowell. But in speaking of these poets, we do
not speak of poetry in the gross; and in speaking of some of these,
the English critic feels, unawares, that he would fain clasp the hand
of an American poet, with stronger muscles in it, and less softened by
the bath. Under which impression we are all the readier, let our
readers understand, to meet the hand of Mr. Mathews, while it pre-
sents to us the slender volume called ‘ Poems on Man, in his various
aspects under the American republic.

    ” The volume is ‘ dedicated to the hopeful friends of humanity, by
their servant, the author.’ It consists of short poems in various me-
tres, and with no connecting link associated in the reader’s mind,—
descriptive, as the title indicates, of the different ages and conditions
of men in the republic ; and remarkable, as we have hinted, for their
very defects. For the poems are defective precisely in that with
which the verse-literature of the country overflows,—we mean grace
and facility. They are not graceful, but they are strong. They give
no proof of remarkable facility in composition; and we are tempted
sometimes to think of the writer, that he is versed better in sympathy
and aspirations, thanin rhythms and rhymes. His verses are occasion-
ally incorrect, and are frequently ragged and hard. His ear is not
‘ tuned to fine uses,’ and his hand refuses to flatter unduly the ear of
his audience. But he writes not only 'like a man,’ but like a republi-
can and American. Under this rough bark is a heart of oak; and per-
adventure a noble vessel, if not a Dodonean oracle, may presently be had
out of it. The wood has a good grain, the timber is of large size; and
if gnarled and knotted, these are the conditions of strength, and perhaps
the conclusions of growth ; it is thus that strong trees grow, while slim
grasses spring smoothly from the ground. And the thoughtful student
of the literature of America will pause naturally and musingly, at the
sight of this little book, and mark it as something ‘ new and strange,’
considering the circumstances of the soil.

  After quoting from the poems of the Child, the Citizen,
the Merchant, and the Reformer, the Magazine concludes:

  However the reader may be inclined to be critical (and perhaps
he will be more inclined than the critic), upon these extracts,—how-
ever he may be struck by the involutions and obscurities which to 
some extent disfigure them,—he will be free to admit that the reve- 

rence for truth, the exultation in right, the good hope in human nature,
which are the characteristics of this little book, and that the images
of beauty which mingle with the expression of its lofyt sentiment,—are
not calculated, when taken together, to disturb the vision and prophe-
cy of such among us as are looking at this hour towards America, as
the future land of freemen in all senses, and of poets in the highest of
all.                         _______

   The British Critic thus comments on the advertising ad-
vantages afforded by the various London Daily papers :

   The Morning Chronicle has this advantage as an advertising me-
dium, that it is the single organ of a great party, and therefore is read
not only by that party but by the other parties, curious always to learn
what are the designs and doings of their opponents. The Chronicle is
not nearly so crowded with advertisements as is the Times, and there-
fore those that appear there are more certain to be seen ; while it pos-
sesses this important further recommendation, that it publishes no
supplements wherein to hide the larger portion of its advertisements
from human eye. The conclusion to which we have arrived, there-
fore, from a review of the circumstances, is, that all those classes of
advertisements which may be termed general, or addressed to the
world at large, as distinguished from those addressed to particular
persons—in other words, for announcements intended to catch the eye,
the Chronicle is a better medium than the Times ; the latter deserves
the preference for such as persons are likely to seek; and for this rea-
son, that nobody would find an advertisement in the Times by acci-
dent, but everybody goes to the Times to look for an advertisement.

   The same remark applies to the Morning Herald and the Morning
Post. But the latter being the especial journal of fashion, is peculiarly
fitted for certain classes of advertisements addressed to the fashiona-
ble, and is ill fitted for general announcements. Tradesmen appealing
to the beau monde, and publishers, will find the Post one of their best
journals; but for all matters of business, or announcements addressed
to men of business, it is worthless.

   Of the evening papers, the best medium for advertising is unques-
tionably the Sun. In London there is a very absurd prejudice against
the evening papers. Here everybody reads the morning papers, and
few look into an evening one. The inhabitant of London appears to
consider that London is all the world ; he forgets that the evening
papers, though not patronised here, are very largely read in the coun-
try, and therefore are really very excellent localities for an advertise-
ment, particularly as the number is small, and each one is sure to take
the eye of the reader.

   Of all the evening papers the Sun is the best, not only as having the
largest circulation, but as being much consulted throughout the pro-
vinces for its early information. This characteristic has given to the
Sun, although a party paper, a less exclusive circle of readers than
any of its contemporaries, save the Times, and an announcement
there thus finds its way to all parties, sects, and ranks in the country.
It is seen in every newsroom, and read at almost every inn. The Sun
therefore, is good for advertisements of all kinds. The Standard
enjoys a highly respectable circulation, and is well adapted for adver-
tisements directed to the higher classes. The Globe is especially pa-
tronised at the inns, and by the commercial classes, and is therefore
a good medium for business advertisements.

  At a late meeting of the Directors of the London and Croy-
don Atmospheric Railway,

  “ Mr. Joseph Samuda, one of the patentees of the atmospheric rail-
way, said he would undertake to work fifteen trains per day each way,
at an average travelling speed of forty miles an hour, from one end of
the line to the other; the average weight of each train being from
thirty to forty tons. Mr. Gibbon, the acting engineer of the Dalkey
railway, said that the atmospheric system worked with a precision
and regularity which did not belong to the locomotive. During the
greater part of Sunday last ten trains were running per hour, each train
weighing about forty tons. The cost of working is ten to twelve in
favor of the atmospheric system over the locomotive.”

   The Hon. Robert T. Conrad, of Philadelphia, author of
“ Aylmere,” is engaged, we learn, on another drama—proba-
bly a tragedy. “ Aylmere” was well received, and has much
merit. Mr. Forrest gave Judge Conrad a thousand dollars
for it.

62

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

   We beg leave to thank our friends for the cordial support
they are now affording us. The biographical sketch of
William Wirt, commencing on the fourth page of this num-
ber, is from the pen of the well-known author of “ Clinton
Bradshaw,” “East and West,” “Howard Pinckney,” etc.,
etc. As a biographical sketcher Mr. Thomas is unsurpassed ;
and he has kindly promised us a succession of such papers as
the one now published. For the Song, commencing “ Hush !
a spirit from afar!” we are indebted to the British Critic.

   Campbell, the poet, according to a writer of recollections
in the Dublin University Magazine, was an adept in the use
of literary Billingsgate. We have heard some proficients,
but never met with a better specimen than this. Of course
the whole story is to be taken of Campbell, Hazlitt, North-
cotte and all, with a bag of salt. “ Of all the false, vain, self-
ish blackguards,” said Campbell, “ that ever disgraced hu-
man nature, Hazlitt was the falsest, vainest, and most selfish.
He would sacrifice a million of men, had he the power to do
so, to procure even one moment’s enjoyment for himself. He
would worm himself into your confidence only to betray you,
and commit the basest act of ingratitude without a blush or
sigh for its commission. I remember when I edited the
New Monthly, Hazlitt used to write occasionally for it.
Somehow he got acquainted with Northcote, the sculptor
fellow—a conceited old booby, to be sure, but still a respect-
able man, as it is said, well to do in the world, puffed up a
good deal with absurd vanity, and reduced by Hazlitt to the
charming belief that bis reminiscences were worth remem-
bering and being remembered. Well, he persuaded this
old stone-cutting donkey to invite him once a week to his
house, and got liberty from him to retail his weekly gossip
for the edification of the million. I published some of his
papers in the Magazine; they were pungent; they satisfied
the prurient curiosity of old maids and gossips ; they sold re-
markably well, and Northcote began to fancy himself a second
Johnson. One morning before I was up, I received a letter
from this old fool, complaining bitterly of the insertion in the

Table Talk of some horribly severe remarks on——and——.

He swore by every thing that men believe and disbelieve,
that he had never spoken as was represented—that Hazlitt
was betraying and belying him, and that henceforth the
' blackguard penny-a-liner’ should be excluded from his
house. I was rather amazed at this. The fact is, I did not
care a rush what appeared in the Magazine, so that it told
and sold ; and, as Hazlitt put his name to the nonsense, I did
not suppose he would dare to fabricate anything. Northcote,
however, asserted that he had, and to pacify the old fool, I
wrote him a letter, assuring him that Hazlitt should never
again write a line for the New Monthly. One expres-
sion which I used, excited Hazlitt’s rage to an extent scarce-
ly credible—‘ the infernal Hazlitt.’ Oh ! how he foamed and
swore when he read this. But I did not value his passion
at a button; though, I admit, I kept out of his way for a
week, as I was told he intended to assault me. There is not
a more degraded or disagreeable office for a literary man of
any position, than to edit a magazine. It is a constant
round of Billingsgate and fighting with his publisher, and an
uninterrupted series of lies and sneaking statements to the
various contributors."

   The recent congress of German booksellers at Leipsic, it
is said, have taken steps to establish a literary agency on this
side of the Atlantic, (New York is mentioned as the city,) for
the sale and protection of the current German literature. The

   sale of German books of general literature, in the original
language, is hardly, we should think, as yet of sufficient im-
portance to render this measure necessary. With the excep-
tion of elementary school books, the bible, and a few standard
works, the demand might perhaps be more cheaply supplied
by the home editions. But if the design be, to protect trans-
lations, the agency may become, at once, very useful and im-
portant. There is nothing more disreputable than the care-
less, ignorant, and wilfully malicious manner in which foreign
writers are frequently treated. It certainly should be a pri-
vilege of the author to name his own translator : a privilege
which should be protected by copy-right. Foreign agents,
both French and German, might not only be of service to the
writers of their own countries, but might benefit our own
people by introducing to their attention, with care and judg-
ment, and simultaneously with the original publication, the
best specimens of the continental literature. An intimate
knowledge of the men of letters of Europe might wean our
readers and writers from their frequent slavish subserviency
to an imitation of English authors.

   Tieck’s readings at Berlin must he something of a bore, as
any man’s would be, who held an audience for three hours
without respite, with matters they might be fully put in pos-
session of, by reading, in half an hour. The Berlin corres-
pondent of the Foreign Quarterly Review says: “ Tieck
continues to give readings ; which, in spite of his wonderful
talent in interpreting dramatically the great masterpieces,
people are pretty unanimous in voting excessively weari-
some. They are wearisome because of the frivolous eti-
quette which reigns in the salon ; wearisome, because Shaks-
peare himself, if he were to read for three hours, without a
minute’s pause, would in the end be fatiguing. But Tieck is
surrounded by a set of persons who take a pride in the inflic-
tion. They sit and listen with religious silence, if not with
religious fervor. They languish in ennui; and would not
move a leg, or cough, or turn in their chairs, for any small
consideration!”

   Taglioni, hints the London Athenaeum, is growing old ; a
sad thing, as Sydney Smith has told us, in the case of a dan-
cer: “When youth is gone all is gone.” We trust a sug-
gestion of the circumstance will allay the anxiety for her ap-
pearance on the American stage. It is quite too much our
fate to get foreign singers and dancers and actors before us,
and pay roundly for them,-only when they are superannuated.
When a stage player begins to break down in Europe he
thinks of America. It is time that our managers should com-
pliment their audiences, if not by the production of some na-
tive novelties, at least by the introduction of foreigners of
some pith and vitality. In the midst of universal life and
energy, our literature and art have been, for the most part,
feeble and decrepid, an anomaly that, as Carlyle would say,
should be forthwith picked out.

   “ Lwei Frauln,” is the title of the Countess Hahn Wa-
lin s last novel. That authoress is about to visit England, as
Frederica Bremer is said to be coming to the United States.
George Sand, we think we saw it stated, was going to Con-
stantinople. Female genius is restless and migratory.

   “ Dr. Dressel, at Rome,” says the Foreign Quarterly,
“has lately made a very successful attempt to apply the
Daguerreotype to the copying of ancient MSS. and palimp-
sests. In less than eleven minutes he produced a most per-
fect copy of forty-two folio lines of a half obliterated Greek
MSS. of the 12th century."

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

63

  Arago has submitted to the French Academy an important
improvement for speed and safety.

To Correspondents.— We regret that Agnes Seymour should have
   cause to suspect us of neglect. “ Eudocia,"  was handed, for immedi-
   ate insertion in the Journal, to the former associate editor, who still
   retains the MS. As soon as we can procure it of him, it shall be
   carefully transmitted, as desired—or if.

Again—many thanks to the author of the Correspondence with a Go-
   verness. We sincerely value his (or is it not her ?) good opinion. A
   volume embodying all the poems mentioned, will probably be published
   by Wiley & Putnam, in the fall. We have reason to complain of our
   Boston agents—but will apply a remedy to that grievance forthwith.
   No. 2 of the Correspondence was published in the Journal of the 19th
   ult.

We doubt the originality of the “ Grecian Flute," for the reason that
   it is too good at some points to be so bad at others. Unless the author
   can re-assure us, we decline it.

   MEDICI SERIES OF ITALIAN PROSE.

                                         Paine & Burgess, New York, will publish on Monday,

THE CHALLENGE OF BARLETTA, AN HIS-

   torical Romance of the Times of the Medici, by Azeglio. Trans-
lated by C. Edwards Lester, U. S. Consul at Genoa. Author of “The
Glory and Shame of England,” &c. &c. Price 50 cts.

  The above work is regarded by European critics as the best ro-
mance in the Italian language.

                                                         in press:

  The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli,

  The Citizen of a Republic, by Ceba, a Genoese.

  The Autobiography of Altieri.

                                                     IN PREPARATION.

  The Artist. The Merchant and the Statesman. By C. Edwards
Lester.

                                             THIS DAY IS PUBLISHED,

VERSE AND PROSE, by Thomas Hood—Part 1,

   forming No. 16 of the Lirrary of Choice Reading, beautifully
printed. Price 50 cents.

  “ Of all the humorists, Hood was the most poetical. When deal-
ing with the most familiar subjects, whether it might be a sweep be-
wailing the suppression of his cry, or a mother searching through St.
Giles’s for her lost infant, or a Miss Kilmansegg’s golden childhood—
there was hardly a verse in which some touches of heart, or some play
of fancy, did not betoken the laughing reader away into far other
worlds than the jester’s.”—London Athenaeum.

  “ The smile and the sigh were ever blended together; the laugh at
the grotesque idea and whimsical imagination, (rarely seeing objects
as others saw them,) and the tear which must flow on such pathetic
narratives as Eugene Aram or the Old Elm Tree. Without a parallel
and original as Hood was in the ludicrous, his more enduring fame
will rest on the exquisitely humane and simply compassionate.”—Lite-
rary Gazette.

  “ He was the inventer of a new sort of guano to fertilize men’s
minds, and to make them produce larger crops of good actions: or rath-
er it was an intellectual compost that he invented, and the materials
of which were satire softened by kindness, and ridicule tempered with
good feeling,”—Hood’s Magazine for June. Published and for sale
by                    WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

                         THE

  SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

                                                B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

  Published monthly, at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since

1835, has a large subscription list, and is the principal organ of
Southern opinion.

  Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the “ Broad-
way Journal,” 135 Nassau streeet.

                                             J. B. CARY & CO.,

                                                 ARTISTS,

Manufacturers of ornamental show

CARDS adapted for Utility, as well Adornment, for stores in all
kinds of business. Specimens may be seen in the leading stores of the
principal cities of the Union.

  Agents for Boston: Messrs. Sowle & Shaw. Mr. J. L. Lazarus is
now visiting the Eastern States, all orders received by him will meet
with prompt attention. 34 Beekman-Street, (late 323 Broadway.)

  Observe ! Our names are printed at the foot of each card, and
we caution the public that imitators are in the field. Jy 26

HARPER & BROTHERS’ LAST PUBLICATIONS.

                                                              1.

  HARPER’S ILLUMINATED BIBLE. No. 34.

                                                     Price Twenty-Five Cents,

Comprising portions of the minor prophets to the 9th chapter of Amos .
The embellishments to this number include some of unsurpassed beau-

ty-

                          ii.

  HARPER’S ILLUMINATED SHAKSPEARE,

                                               Nos. 61 and 62. Price Twenty-Five Cents.

  This new issue includes " Measure for Measure” and the commence-
ment of the “ Tempest”—with the eqquisite designs after Kenny Mea-
dows, Weir, and others. It should be recollected that this edition of
Shakspeare combines the best features of the two best London edi-
tions, by Charles Knight and Tyas—rendering it the most perfect ever
presented to the public.

                          III.

                                              TRAVELS OF MARCO POLO,

Newly collected from valuable MSS. in the Geographical Societies of
France and Italy, with copious notes and illustrations by Hugh Mur-
ray, with Maps, &c. 16mo. muslin. Price 50 Cents.

  This well-known production, which forms No. 173 of " The Family
Library,” has long been regarded as unique in geographical science.
Marco Polo has justly been styled the " Herodotus of the Middle
Ages.” and the discoverer of the Asiatic continent ; his explorations
in the Chinese empire alone have never been exceeded, even to the
present day.

                          IV.

                                        THE SEERESS OF PREVORST. Price 25 Cents.

  "   A work replete with startling new facts on Mesmerism : the most
remarkable on the subject we have yet seen.”— Post.

                                                              v.

JOHN RONGE AND THE HOLY COAT OF TREVES.

                                                         Price 25 Cents.

  " A subject of the most absorbing interest throughout the whole
whole European Continent.”

                          VI.

DR. LEVER’S LATEST WORK-THE NEVILLES OF

                                          GARRETSTOWN. Complete, price 12 1-2 Cents.

  “ Equal to the best works of the favourite author of Charles O‘Mal
ley.”

                          VII.

JAMES’S NEW WORK—THE SMUGGLER. 25 Cents.

  This new production of Mr. James is founded on on some stirring
incidents of past times on the Southern Coast of England ; it is charac-
terised by all the author’s peculiarities of style, the story being inter-
sected by many episodical involutions, which impart to it additional
interest.

                          VIII.

                                         DE ROMAN. BY EUGENE SUE. Price 25 Cents.

  “ Picturesque bold, and highly dramatic—equal to any of his pre-
vious works.”— Sun.

                                         PRAISE AND PRINCIPLE—Or, For What shall I Live?

By the author of “ Conquest and Self-Conquest,’’ " Woman an Enig-
ma," &c. 18mo. cloth gilt. Price 48 1-2 Cents. A charming volume,
elegantly written, well sustained in its interest, and rife with excellent
moral teaching.

                                                                 x.

CYCLOPEDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY. No. 8. Pr. 26 Cts.

                                                                 xi.

                                        MISS BREMER’s NEW WORK—THE PARSONAGE OF MO-
                                        RA, OR LIFE IN DALECARLIA. Price One Shilling.

  In this new work Frederika Bremer presents many of her pretty and
picturesque scenes, add introduces many of her high minded and ro-
mantic characters, with their spirit stirring colloquies : the story also

includes interesting sketches of those Northern subterranean worlds—

the copper mines of Fahlua.

                                                                    XII.

                                         EVELINA, by Miss Burney (since Madame D'Arblay). New
                                         edition, 18mo. Price 25 Cents.

   This renowned production has long been considered as a classic of
our language. The work appeared anonymously, the disclosure of
the authorship of which, it will be remembered, led to the deeply in-
teresting scene which ensued between the father and daughter—their
mingled surprise and delight.

                                                                    XIII.

DR. COPLAND’S MEDICAL DICTIONARY. No. 10. 60 Cts.

   This new issue includes a series of topics of vital interest to the
Medical faculty of the country. The design and execution of this pop-
ular production, evince the most censummate skill and research ; ev-
ery person who desires a thorough digest of Medical Science, must ap
preciate its high value.

                                                                     XV.

                                           PROF. LEWIS’S PLATO ON ATHEISTS. Price $1 50.

64

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

                    A CARD.

WM. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANO-

  FORTE, ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank street,
where his terms for giving instruction can be ascertained. my 17

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER.—JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near Elm. A
Large Stock of the finest instruments always on hand. Terms mode-
rate. FOR SALE—A Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a
great bargain for cash.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal
Street, N. Y.

  Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made
from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful
workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the busines.

  N. B. Wanted, a second-hand Parlor Organ.

  Piano Fortes on hire by the month.

PIANO FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

 Mundy St Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to
the elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establish-
ment, corner of Cottage Place and Bleecker street, which he will sell
at prices unusually low.

  J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twen-
ty years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two
of the largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying that
his instruments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the
best makers in this country or Europe, and that they contain all the
real improvements of the day.

  Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and
Repaired.

  New York, April 23d, 1845.

PIANO FORTES. The Subscribers, while return-

 ing thanks to their numerous friends and to the public, would, at
the same time call attention to their Stock of Instruments, of six and 
seven octaves, just finished, in elegant Rosewood and mahogany cases.

  The subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

                     STODART & DUNHAM, 361 Broadway.
              Manufactory, 13th st., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

PIANO FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

(formerly Conductor to Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway,
will keep a complete assortment of the largest approved Grand Action 
Piano Fortes, of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to
guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish,
and to endure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard 
prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on
hire.

                                       THE BOEHM FLUTE.

PHILIP ERSNT, Teacher of the Flute and Gui-

   tar, would inform the lovers of Music that he has now for sale
several of the above celebrated instruments, constructed in every re- 
spect in accordance with those now in use at the Paris and London 
Royal Academies. To be seen at PHILIP ERNST’S Music Saloon, 
395 Broadway, near Walker.

                                 PLEASANT SUMMER READING.

FOR TRAVELLERS AND OTHERS

1. Eothen ; or Traces of Travel in the East..................50

                                                             “ The picked book of the season.”

2   Mary Schweidler, The Amber Witch.........................37

                                                               " A beautiful and pure fiction.”

3   Undine and Sintrum. By Fouque............................50

              " The rarest essence of romantic genius.”

4   Imagination and Fancy. By Leigh Hunt.....................50

                                                        “ A delicate volume of illustrative criticism.”

5   The diary of Lady Willoughby.............................25

                                                     “ Though a fiction, of profound religious interest.”

6   Hazlitt’s Table Talk, on Men, Things, &c. 2 parts. ... 75

                                                       "Most brilliant papers of a sparkling writer.”

7   Headlong Hall and Nightmare Abeby........................38

              “ Lively and piquant satirical sketches.”

8   The French in Algiers....................................37

              “ Full of stirring incident and anecdote.”

9   Ancient Moral tales from the Gesta Rom...................38

                                                        “ The stories are very beautiful and moral.”

10   Crescent and the Cross. Dy E. Warburton, 2 parts. . .    1 00

                                                        “ A truiy delightful work from first to last.”

ll   The Age of Elizabeth. By W. Hazlitt.....................50

              " Full ol originality and genius.”

12   Journal of an African Cruiser...........................60

              “ Quite a refreshing and delightful work.”

13   Tales. By Edgar A. Poe..................................50

              “ Characteristic tales of thrilling interest.”

14   Letters from Italy. By J. T. Headley. ..................50

                                                     “ The best book of travels ever published here.”

       Published and for sale by

Jy 26                WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

                                        GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

                                  THE FIRST PREMIUM AWARDED FIVE YEARS BY THE AMERICAN INSTI-
                                  TUTE FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF-HAND PENMANSHIP.

  GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

                                             No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

 tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

  Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough course
of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and Sta-
tionery. Payable at the commencement.

  Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P. M., daily, for gentlemen,

 and from 11 to 1 o’clock, for ladies. Private instruction given.

  For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
 Price Five Dollars.

                                                 PAINE AND BURGESS,

                                                      62 JOHN STREET, N. Y.,

  ARE just sending to press a New Series of Choice

Works, selected from the Prose Literature of Italy. Translated
and Edited by Edwards Lester, U. S. Consul at Genoa, auther of the
“ Glory and Shame of England,” &c., &c. This series will be made
up of original translations of the best works of the best Italian writers,
 with original notes and sketches in illustration of the Genius, the Lives
 and Times of the Authors. Five vols. are ready for the Press.

   1. Ettore Fieramosca, or the Challenge of Barletta, an Historical

 Romance of the Times of the Medici, by Agegbio.
2 and 3, The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli.
4, The Autobiography of Alfieri.

   These numbers will he issued in quick succession, in beautiful style,
 and sold for fifty cents per volume. The object of this series is to
make known to the American people the Literature of Italy.

                                                       A. G. BAGLEY’S

                                               CELEBRATED IMPROVED EVER-POINTED
                                               GOLD PEN.

THIS PEN RECEIVED THE HIGHEST PRE-

mium at the last Fair of the American institute, and has been pro-
nounced by the First Teachers of Penmanship in the country, to be
infinitely superior to any Gold Pen ever before introduced to the Ame-
rican public. The lasting properties of this Pen are undoubted, owing
to the total absence of corrosibility from any of the inks in use; and the
peculiar shape of the nibs—which was first introduced by Bagley—
makes it more pleasant to use, renders it less liable to damage, more
easy to repair, and prevents the necessity of the great care that other
articles of the kind require.

                                           MANUFACTORY, 189 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

                                                 Jy 26

                                               BERTINTS METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive work
yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this me-
thod, the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases.
The most prominent feature of this work is that the lessons, exerci-
ses, scales and studies are given in such progressive order, that they
enlist the interest of pupils, and carry them almost imperceptibly
through those mechanical difficulties which, otherwise, are too often
made irksome in other instruction books. The time has arrived when
a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account, and it is
only by the study of such methods as Bertini’s that pupils will be ena-
bled to read music with facility, and at the same time become good
musicians.

  This method commences in the most plain and simple manner ; the
rudiments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and
each lesson is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

  The publishers are in possession of the highest recommendations
from professional gentlemen, who speak of the superior merits of
Bertini’s Method over all others yet published in this country, most
of them hiving used the foreign copies previously. It will only be
necessary to give a few of the names in the principal cities.

          Boston.                  New-York.

   Messr. G. J. Webb,       Messrs. H. C. Timin,

            J.G. Maeder,           W. Alpers,

          H T. Hach,               U. C. Hill,

          E. L. White,             F. H. Brown,

          David Paine,             Philadelphia.

          A.Kurek,                 B. C. Cross,

          T. B. Moses.             Joseph Duggan.

                                                        Albany—O. J. Shaw.

  Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the
work. American edition published by E. H. WADE and W. H.
OAKES, 197 Washington street, Boston

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co........................Boston, Mass.

Colon & Adriance,...................Philadelphia, Pa.

    R. G. H. Huntington,...............Hartford, Cl.

    Georoe Jones................ . Albany, N. Y.

    Thomas H. Pease....................New-Haven, Ct.

    L.  Willard,.......................Troy.

    M.  BAULLEMET,.....................Mobile, Al.

    J. C. Morgan, . . . ...............New Orleans.

    Robinson & Jones,. ....... Cincinnati, O.