THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2. NEW YORK, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1845. NO. 10.

Three Dollars per Annum.	kditzd bt	Published at 135 Nassau St#

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	EDGAR A. POE AND HENRY C. WATSON.	By JOHN BISCO.

The Village Street.

In these rapid, restless shadows,
Once I walked at eventide,

When a gentle, silent maiden,

Walked in beauty at my side.

She alone there walked beside me
All in beauty, like a bride.

Pallidly the moon was shining
On the dewy meadows nigh ;

On the silvery, silent rivers,

On the mountains far and high,—

On the ocean’s star-lit waters,
Where the winds a-weary die.

Slowly, silently we wandered
From the open cottage door,
Underneath the elm’s long branches
To the pavement bending o’er;
Underneath the mossy willow
And the dying sycamore.

With the myriad stars in beauty
All bedight, the heavens were seen
Radiant hopes were bright around me,
Like the light of stars serene ;

Like the mellow midnight splendor
Of the Night’s irradiate queen.

Audibly the elm leaves whispered
Peaceful, pleasant melodies,

Like the distant murmured music
Of unquiet, lovely seas ;

While the winds were hushed in slumber
In the fragrant flowers and trees.

Wondrous and unwonted beauty
Still adorning all did seem,

While I told my love in fables
’Neath the willows by the stream;
Would the heart had kept unspoken
Love that was its rarest dream !

Instantly away we wandered
In the shadowy twilight tide,

She, the silent, scornful maiden,

Walking calmly at my side,

With a step serene and stately,

All in beauty, all in pride.

Vacantly I walked beside her,

On the earth mine eyes were cast;
Swift and keen there came unto me
Bitter memories of the past—

On me," like the rain in Autumn
On the dead leaves, cold and fast.

Underneath the elms we parted,]

By the lowly ^cottage door;

One brief word alone was uttere —
Never on our lips before;

And away I walked forlornly,
Broken-hearted evermore.

Slowly, silently I loitered,

Homeward, in the night, alone;

Sudden anguish bound my spirit,

That my youth had never known ;

Wild unrest, like that which cometh
When the Night’s first dream hath flown.

Now, to me the elm-leaves whisper
Mad, discordant melodies,

And keen memories like shadows
Haunt the moaning willow trees,

And the sycamores with laughter
Mock me in the nightly breeze.

Sad and pale the Autumn moonlight
Through the sighing foliage streams;

And each morning, midnight shadow,

Shadow of my sorrow seems ;

Strive, O heart, forget thine idol!

And, O soul, forget thy dreams !

A. M. IDE.

Diddling Considered as one of the Exact
Sciences.

Hey, diddle diddle,

The cat and the fiddle.

Since the world began there have been two Jeremys. The
one wrote a Jeremiad about usury, and was called Jeremy
Bentham. He has been much admired by Mr. John Neal,
and was a great man in a small way. The other gave name
to the most important of the Exact Sciences, and was a great
man in a great way—I may say, indeed, in the very greatest
of ways.

Diddling—or the abstract idea conveyed by the verb to
diddle—is sufficiently well understood. Yet the fact, the
deed, the thing diddling, is somewhat difficult to define.
We may get, however, at a tolerably distinct conception of
the matter in hand, by defining—not the thing, diddling, in
itself—but man, as an animal that diddles. Had Plato but
hit upon this, he would have been spared the affront of the
picked chicken.

Very pertinently it was demanded of Plato, why a picked
chicken, which was clearly a “biped without feathers,” was
not, according to his own definition, a man? But I am not.
to be bothered by any similar query. Man is an animal that
diddles, and there is no animal that diddles but man. It will
take an entire hen-coop of picked chickens to get over that.

What constitutes the essence, the nare, the principle of
diddling is, in fact, peculiar to the class of creatures that wear
coats and pantaloons. A crow theives; a fox cheats; a
weasel outwits; a man diddles. To diddle is his destiny,
“Man was made to mourn,” says the poet. But not so :—
he was made to diddle. This is his aim—his ob ect—his end

146

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

And for this reason when a man’s diddled we say he’s
“ done.”

Diddling, rightly considered, is a compound, of which the
ingredients are minuteness, interest, perseverance, ingenuity,
audacity, nonchalance, originality, impertinence, and grin.

Minuteness:—Your diddler is minute. His operations are
upon a small scale. His business is retail, for cash, or ap-
proved paper at sight. Should he ever be tempted into mag-
nificent speculation, he then, at once, loses his distinctive fea-
tures, and becomes what we term “ financier.” This latter
word conveys the diddling idea in every respect except that
of magnitude. A diddler may thus be regarded as a banker
in petto—a “ financial operation,” as a diddle at Brobdignag.
The one is to the other, as Homer to “ Flaccus”—as a Mas-
todon to a mouse—as the tail of a comet to that of a pig.

Interest:—Your diddler is guided by self-interest. He
scorns to diddle for the mere sake of the diddle. He has an
object in view—his pocket—and yours. He regards always
the main chance. He looks to Number One. You are
Number Two, and must look to yourself.

Perseverance:—Your diddler perseveres. He is not read-
ily discouraged. Should even the banks break, he cares
nothing about it. He steadily pursues his end, and

Ut canis a corio nunquam absterrebitur uncto,

so he never lets go of his game.

Ingenuity:—Your diddler is ingenious. He has construct-
iveness large. He understands plot. He invents and circum-
vents. Were he not Alexander he would be Diogenes.
Were he not a diddler, he would be a maker of patent rat-
traps or an angler for trout.

Audacity:—Your diddler is audacious.—He is a bold man.
He carries the war into Africa. He conquers all by assault.
He would not tear the daggers of the Frey Herren. With a
little more prudence Dick Turpin would have made a good
diddler; with a trifle less blarney, Daniel O’Connell; with a
pound or two more brains, Charles the Twelfth.

Nonchalance:—Your diddler is nonchalant. He is not at
all nervous. He never had any nerves. He is never seduc-
ed into a flurry. He is never put out—unless put out of
doors. He is cool—cool as a cucumber. He is calm—
“calm as a smile from Lady Bury.” He is easy—easy as
an old glove, or the damsels of ancient Baiæ.

Originality:—Your diddler is original—conscientiously so.
His thoughts are his own. He would scorn to employ those
of another. A stale trick is his aversion. He would return
a purse, I am sure, upon discovering that he had obtained it
by an unoriginal diddle.

Impertinence:—Your diddler is impertinent. He swag-
gers. He sets his arms a-kimbo. He thrusts his hands in
his trowsers' pockets. He sneers in your face. He treads on
your corns. He eats your dinner, he drinks your wine, he
borrows your money, he pulls your nose, he kicks your
poodle, and he kisses your wife.

Grin :—Your true diddler winds up all with a grin. But
this nobody sees but himself. He grins when his daily work
is done—wken his allotted labors are accomplished—at night
in his own closet, and altogether for his own private enter-
tainment. He goes home. He locks his door. He divests
himself of his clothes. He puts out his candle. He gets in-
to bed. He places his head upon the pillow. All this done,
and your diddler grins. This is no hypothesis. It is a mat-
ter of course. I reason à priori, and a diddle would be no
diddle without a grin.

The origin of the diddle is referrible to the infancy of the
Human Race. Perhaps the first diddler was Adam. At

 all events, we can trace the science back to a very remote
period of antiquity. The moderns, however, have brought it
 to a perfection never dreamed of by our thick-headed proge-
nitors. Without pausing to speak of the “ old saws,” there-
fore, I shall content myself with a compendious account of
some of the more “ modern instances.”

A very good diddle is this. A housekeeper in want of a
sofa, for instance, is seen to go in and out of several cabinet
 warehouses. At length she arrives at one offering an excel-
 lent variety. She is accosted, and invited to enter, by a po-
lite and voluble individual at the door. She finds a sofa well
adapted to her views, and, upon inquiring the price, is sur-
prised and delighted to hear a sum named at least twenty
per cent, lower than her expectations. She hastens to make
the purchase, gets a bill and receipt, leaves her address,
with a request that the article be sent home as speedily as
possible, and retires amid a profusion of bows from the shop-
keeper. The night arrives and no sofa. The next day pas-
ses, and still none. A servant is sent to make inquiry
about the delay. The whole transaction is denied. No so-
 fa has been sold—no money received—except by the diddler
 who played shop-keeper for the nonce.

Our cabinet warehouses are left entirely unattended, and
thus afford every facility for a trick of this kind. Visiters
enter, look at furniture, and depart unheeded and unseen.
Should any one wish to purchase, or to inquire the price of
an article, a bell is at hand, and this is considered amply suf-
ficient.

Again, quite a respectable diddle is this. A well-dressed
individual enters a shop ; makes a purchase to the value of
a dollar ; finds, much to his vexation, that he has left his
pocket-book in another coat pocket: and so says to the
shop-keeper—

“ My dear sir, never mind !—just oblige me, will you, by
sending the bundle home ? But stay ! I really believe that
I have nothing less than a five dollar bill, even there. How-
ever, you can send four dollars in change with the bundle,
you know.”

“Very good, sir,” replies the shop-keeper, who entertains,
at once, a lofty opinion of the high-mindedness of his custo-
mer. “ I know fellows, he says to himself, “ who would
just have put the goods under their arm, and walked off
with a promise to call and pay the dollar as they came by
in the afternoon.”

A boy is sent with the parcel and change. On the route,
quite accidentally, he is met by the purchaser, who exclaims:

“ Ah ! this is my bundle, I see—I thought you had been
home with it, long ago. Well, go on! My wife, Mrs.
Trotter, will give you the five dollars—I left instructions
with her to that effect. The change you might as well give
to me—I shall want some silver for the Post Office. Very
good! One, two,—is this a good quarter?—three, four—
quite right! Say to Mrs. Trotter that you met me, and be
sure now and do not loiter on the way.”

The boy does n’t loiter at all—but he is a very long time
in getting back from his errand—for no lady of the precise
name of Mrs. Trotter is to be discovered. He consoles him-
self, however, that he has not been such a fool as to leave
the goods without the money, and re-entering his shop with
a self satisfied air, feels sensibly hurt and indignant when his
master asks him what has become of the change.

A very simple diddle, indeed, is this. The captain of a
ship which is about to sail, is presented by an official look-
ing person, with an unusually moderate bill of city charges.
Glad to get off so easily, and confused by a hundred duties

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

174

pressing upon him all at once, he discharges the claim forth-
with. In about fifteen minutes, another and less reasona-
ble bill is handed him by one who soon makes it evident
that the first collector was a diddler, and the original collec-
tion a diddle.

And here, too, is a somewhat similar thing. A steamboat
is casting loose from the wharf. A traveller, portmanteau
in hand, is discovered running towards the wharf at full
speed. Suddenly, he makes a dead halt, stoops, and picks
up something from the ground in a very agitated manner.
It is a pocket book, and—“ Has any gentleman lost a pock-
et book ?” he cries. No one can say that he has exactly
lost a pocket-book; but a great excitement ensues, when
the treasure trove is found to be of value. The boat how-
ever, must not be detained.

“ Time and tide wait for no man,” says the captain.

“ For God’s sake, stay only a few minutes,” says the fin-
der of the book—“ the true claimant will presently appear.”
“ Can’t wait!” replies the man in authority; “ cast off
there, d’ye hear ?”

“ What am I to do?” asks the finder, in great tribulation.
“ I am about to leave the country for some years, and I can-
not conscientiously retain this large amount in my possession.
I beg your pardon, sir,” [here he addresses a gentleman on
shore,] “ but you have the air of an honest man. Will you
confer upon me the favor of taking charge of this pocket-
book—I know I can trust you—and of advertising it? The
notes, you see, amount to a very considerable sum. The
owner will, no doubt, insist upon rewarding you for your
trouble—”

“ Me !—no, you !—it was you who found the book.”
“Well, if you must have it so—I will take a small re-
ward—just to satisfy your scruples. Let me see—why these
notes are all hundreds—bless my soul! a hundred is too
much to take—fifty would be quite enough, I am sure—”

“ Cast off there !” says the captain.

“ But then I have no change for a hundred, and upon the
whole, you had better”—

“ Cast off there !” says the captain.

“ Never mind !” cries the gentleman on shore, who has
been examining his own pocket-book for the last minute or
so—“ never mind ! I can fix it—here is a fifty on the Bank
of North America—throw me the book.”

And the over-conscientious finder takes the fifty with mark-
ed reluctance, and throws the gentleman the book, as desired,
while the steamboat fumes and fizzes on her way. In about
half an hour after her departure, the “large amount" is seen
to be “ a counterfeit presentment,” and the whole thing a
capital diddle.

A bold diddle is this. A camp-meeting, or something
similar, is to be held at a certain spot which is accessible
only by means of a free bridge. A diddler stations himself
upon this bridge, respectfully informs all passers by of the
new county law, which establishes a toll of one cent for foot
passengers, two for horses and donkeys, and so forth, and
so forth. Some grumble but all submit, and the diddler goes
home a wealthier man by some fifty or sixty dollars well
earned. This taking a toll from a great crowd of people is
an excessively troublesome thing.

A neat diddle is this. A friend holds one of the diddler’s
promises to pay, filled up and signed in due form, upon the
ordinary blanks printed in red ink. The diddler purchases
one or two dozen of these blanks, and every day dips one of
them in his soup, makes his dog jump for it, and finally
gives it to him as a bonne bouche. The note arriving at ma-

turity, the diddler, with the diddler’s dog, calls upon the
friend, and the promise to pay is made the topic of discus-
sion. The friend produces it from his escritoire, and is
in the act of reaching it to the diddler, when up jumps the
diddler’s dog and devours it forthwith. The diddler is not
only surprised but vexed and incensed at the absurd beha-
vior of his dog, and expresses his entire readiness to cancel
the obligation at any moment when the evidence of the obli-
gation shall be forthcoming.

A very minute diddle is this. A lady is insulted in the
street by a diddler’s accomplice. The diddler himself flies
to her assistance, and, giving his friend a comfortable thrash-
ing, insists upon attending the lady to her own door. He
bows, with his hand upon his heart, and most respectfully
bids her adieu. She entreats him, as her deliverer, to walk
in and be introduced to her big brother and her papa. With
a sigh, he declines to do so. “ Is there no way, then, sir,”
she murmurs, “ in which I may be permitted to testify my
gratitude ?”

“Why, yes, madam, there is. Will you be kind enough
to lend me a couple of shillings ?”

In the first excitement of the moment the lady decides up-
on fainting outright. Upon second thought, however, she
opens her purse-strings and delivers the specie. Now this,
I say, is a diddle minute—for one entire moiety of the sum
borrowed has to be paid to the gentleman who had the trou-
ble of performing the insult, and who had then to stand still
and be thrashed for performing it.

Rather a small, but still a scientific diddle is this. The
diddler approaches the bar of a tavern, and demands a cou-
ple of twists of tobacco. These are handed to him, when,
having slightly examined them, he says :

“ I don’t much like this tobacco. Here, take it back, and
give me a glass of brandy and water in its place.”

The brandy and water is furnished and imbibed, and the
diddler makes his way to the door. But the voice of the
tavern-keeper arrests him.

“ I believe, sir, you have forgotten to pay for your brandy
and water.”

“Pay for my brandy and water !—didn’t I give you the
tobacco for the brandy and water ? What more would you
have ?”

“ But sir, if you please, I do n’t remember that you paid
for the tobacco.”

“What do you mean by that, you scoundrel?—Didn’t I
give you back your tobacco ? Is n’t that your tobacco lying
there? Do you expect me to pay for what I did not take?”

“ But, sir,” says the publican, now rather at a loss what to
say, “but, sir—”

“ But me no buts, sir,” interrupts the diddler, apparently
in very high dudgeon, and slamming the door after him, as
he makes his escape.—“ But me no buts, sir, and none of your
tricks upon travellers.”

Here again is a very clever diddle, of which the simplicity
is not its least recommendation. A purse, or pocket-book,
being really lost, the loser inserts in one of the daily papers
of a large city a fully descriptive advertisement.

Whereupon our diddler copies the facts of this advertise-
ment, with a change of heading, of general phraseology, and
address. The original, for instance, is long, and verbose, is
headed “ A Pocket-Book Lost!” and requires the treasure,
when found, to be left at No. 1 Tom street. The copy is
brief, and being headed with “ Lost” only, indicates No. 2
Dick, or No. 3 Harry street, as the locality at which the
owner may be seen. Moreover, it is inserted in at least

148

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

five or six of the daily papers of the day, while in point of
time, it makes it appearance only a few hours after the orig-
inal. Should it be read by the loser of the purse, he would
hardly suspect it to have any reference to his own misfortune.
But, of course, the chances are five or six to one, that the
finder will repair to the address given by the diddler, rather
than to that pointed out by the rightful proprietor. The for-
mer pays the reward, pockets the treasure and decamps.

Quite an analogous diddle is this. A lady of ton has drop-
ped, somewhere in the street, a diamond ring of very unusu-
al value. For its recovery, she offers some forty or fifty dol-
lars reward—giving, in her advertisement, a very minute des-
cription of the gem, and of its settings, and declaring that,
upon its restoration to No. so and so, in such and such Ave-
nue, the reward will be paid instanter, without a single
question being asked. During the lady’s absence from home,
a day or two afterwards, a ring is heard at the door of No.
so and so, in such and such Avenue; a servant appears; the
lady of the house is asked for and is declared to be out, at
which astounding information, the visitor expresses the most
poignant regret. His business is of importance and concerns
the lady herself. In fact, he had the good fortune to find her
diamond ring. But, perhaps it would be as well that he
should call again. “ By no means!” says the servant; and
“ By no means !’’ says the lady’s sister and the lady’s sister-
in-law, who are summoned forthwith. The ring is clamo-
rously identified, the reward is paid, and the finder nearly
thrust out of doors. The lady returns, and expresses some
little dissatisfaction with her sister and sister-in-law, because
they happen to have paid forty or fifty dollars for a facsimile
of her diamond ring—a facsimile made out of real pinchbeck
and unquestionable paste.

But as there is really no end to diddling, so there would be 
none to this essay, were I even to hint at half the variations,
or inflections, of which this science is susceptible. I must
bring this paper, perforce, to a conclusion, and this I cannot
do better than by a summary notice of a very decent, but 
rather elaborate diddle, of which our own city was made the
theatre, not very long ago, and which was subsequently re-
peated with success, in other still more verdant localities of
the Union. A middle-aged gentleman arrives in town from
parts unknown. He is remarkably precise, cautious, staid,
and deliberate in his demeanor. His dress is scrupulously 
neat, but plain, unostentatious. He wears a white cravat, 
an ample waistcoat, made with an eye to comfort alone;
thick-soled cosy-looking shoes, and pantaloons without
straps. He has the whole air, in fact, of your well-to-do,
sober-sided, exact, and respectable “ man of business,” par
excellence—one of the stern and outwardly hard, internally
soft, sort of people that we see in the crack high comedies—
fellows whose words are so many bonds, and who are noted
for giving away guineas, in charity, with the one hand,
while, in the way of mere bargain, they exact the uttermost
fraction of a farthing, with the other.

He makes much ado before he can get suited with a
boarding house. He dislikes children. He has been accus-
tomed to quiet. His habits are methodical—and then he
would prefer getting into a private and respectable small
family, piously inclined. Terms, however, are no object—
only he must insist upon settling his bill on the first of every
month, (it is now the second) and begs his landlady, when
he finally obtains one to his mind, not on any account, to
forget his instructions upon this point—but to send in a bill,
and receipt, precisely at ten o’clock, on the first day of every
month, and under no circumstances to put it off to the
second.

These arrangements made, our man of business rents an
office in a reputable rather than in a fashionable quarter of
the town. There is nothing he more despises than pretence.
“ Where there is much show,” he says, “ there is seldom
anything very solid behind"—an observation which so pro-
foundly impresses his landlady’s fancy, that she makes a
pencil memorandum of it forthwith, in her great family Bi-
ble, on the broad margin of the Proverbs of Solomon.

The next step is to advertise, after some such fashion as
this, in the principal business sixpennies of this city—the
pennies are eschewed as not “ respectable”—and as demand-
ing payment for all advertisements in advance. Our man of
business holds it as a point of his faith that work should
never be paid for until done.

Wanted.—The advertisers, being about to commence ex-
tensive business operations in this city, will require the ser-
vices of three or four intelligent and competent clerks, to
whom a liberal salary will be paid. The very best recom-
mendations, not so much for capacity, as for integrity, will
be expected. Indeed, as the duties to he performed, involve
high responsibilities, and large amounts of money must
necessarily pass through the hands of those engaged, it is
deemed advisable to demand a deposit of fifty dollars from
each clerk employed. No person need apply, therefore, who
is not prepared to leave this sum in the possession of the
advertisers, and who cannot furnish the most satisfactory
testimonials of morality. Young gentlemen piously inclined
will be preferred. Application should be made between the
hours of ten and eleven, A. M., and four and five, P. M., of
Messrs.	Boggs, Hogs, Logs, Frogs, & Co.

No. 110 Dog Street.

By the thirty-first day of the month, this advertisement
has brought to the office of Messrs. Boggs, Hogs, Logs, Frogs
and Company, some fifteen or twenty young gentlemen
piously inclined. But our man of business is in no hurry to
conclude a contract with any—no man of business is ever
precipitate—and it is not until the most rigid catechism in
respect to the piety of each young gentleman’s inclination,
that his services are engaged and his fifty dollars receipted
for, just by way of proper precaution, on the part of the re-
spectable firm of Boggs, Hogs, Logs, Frogs, and Company.
On the morning of the first day of the next month, the land-
lady does not present her bill according to promise—a piece
of neglect for which the comfortable head of the house end-
ing in ogs, would no doubt have chided her severely, could
he have been prevailed upon to remain in town a day or two
for that purpose.

As it is, the constables have had a sad time of it, running
hither and thither, and all they can do is to declare the man
of business most emphatically, a " hen knee high”—by
which some persons imagine them to imply that, in fact, he
is n.e.i.—by which again the very classical phrase non est
inventus, is supposed to be understood. In the meantime the
young gentlemen, one and all, are somewhat less piously
inclined than before, while the landlady purchases a shilling’s
worth of the best Indian rubber, and very carefully obliterates
the pencil memorandum that some fool has made in her
great family Bible, on the broad margin of the Proverbs of
Solomon.

EDGAR A. POE.

TO F-------.

Thou wouldst be loved ?—then let thy heart
From its present pathway part not!

Being everything which now thou art.

Re nothing which thou art not!

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

149

Blanche.

Fairest where all is beautiful and bright !

M. D. Gallagher.

Thou of the sunny brow !

Thou of the raven hair!

Of cheeks where brighter roses grow
Than any gardens bear—

Thou of the deep jet eye!

Of the clear ruby lip,

Where untold depths of feeling lie—

Sweets choicest are to sip—

Thou of the queenly form!

The stately step and air,

As born to face Life’s coldest storm,

With soul to do and dare—

Thou of the tender heart!

The pure and lofty soul
Which grace to thine each grace impart,

And crown the beauteous whole—

How shall I sing thy praise ?
Fairest and best of Earth ?

Oh! far the Poet’s loftiest lays

Must fail to reach thy worth !

As to the Holy One

With proffered heart-felt vows,

Is he who bendeth blest alone—

Not He to whom he bows—

So our pure love must be
Kindled by thine own rays;

It can reflect no worth on thee,

But only us who praise.

And as, to that great source
Which good to all imparts,

Our faltering accents most lack force
When fullest are our hearts,

So we, who best approve
Thy loveliness and worth,

Still want for words to speak the love
That in our hearts hath birth.

Not for that thou art fair
And beautiful alone,

Though every bright endowment rare
Of Beauty is thine own—

Not for thy lofty brow—

Thine eye of sparkling jet—

Thy ruby lips—tby cheek’s bright glow—

Thy raven hair—nor yet

For thy commanding form—

Thy queenly step and air—

Nor for thy face, though beauties swarm
In rich profusion there—

Oh ! not for one, or each
Of these bright gifts—thine all—

Thou livest ever in our speech—

Our blessings on thee fall,—

But for thine timer self—

The graces deeper set
The wealth more worth than glittering pelf’

Gem, crown, or coronet.

For the ennobled mind
With generous feelings fraught,

Rich gifts of intellect, combined

With pure and tender thought—

The gentle heart, imbued
With charity for all—

The lofty soul—high, yet subdued
To pity’s softest call.

The love for all are near—

The self-forgetfulness—

These are the trraits that make thee dear
For these, thyself we bless.

For these, till life departs,

Through weal and woe the same.

Of Earth’s the deepest on our hearts
Graven shall be thy name.

L. J. CIST.

The Magnetizer; or, Ready for Any Body.

BY THE AUTHOR OF “ THE VISION OF RUBETA.”

ACT. II.

Scene First.— The drawingroom at in Act 1, Scene 1. Enter
Catharine, followed by Dulruse.

Cath. You carry your presumption, sir, rather too far for a gen-
tleman. Or, are you so dull you cannot take a hint?

Dulr. So devoted that I will not take it. You have left the
other room, Miss Clairvoir, to avoid me ; and I have followed, be-
cause I will not be avoided.

Cath. Sir! sir!

Dulr. I say so, Miss Catharine. Love is not so easily repuls-
ed.

Cath. This is too insolent! Leave me, sir, this instant: and, for
your odious pretensions—

Dulr. But—

Cath. Odious pretensions, sir,—if you dare repeat them, my
father shall forbid you the house. Go, sir.

Dulr. Madam, I cannot see what you mean by odious. If a
sincere and respectful adoration—

Cath. Of twenty-five thousand dollars and large expectations—

Dulr. You mistake, you mistake. It is yourself, your bewitch-
ing person, your exalted character, that I adore; money is of no
consideration, where—

Cath. It is so inconsiderable as with Miss Mildmay. Her poor
five thousand, sir, are quite beneath the regards of an aspirer like
Mr. Arnold Dulruse.

Dulr. [Aside.] Damnation!

Cath. You might as well swear louder, Mr. Dulruse. If you
are ashamed that your meanness is detected, go and repeat it.

Dulr. Miss Clairvoir, do not be so hasty ! Hear me. I did
indeed once love your cousin—

Cath. Oh sir!

Dulr. But was it possible, when you were present—

Cath. To adore her longer ? No! [Affecting pompousness.]
Who sees the stars when the moon is in her glory? and when the
golden sun arises in the orient, is not her silver round unnoticed in
the west ? Is that the style, sir? Gold and silver, you see: a
great difference. There; you now perceive that you are laughed
at, and you turn pale with rage. To be serious: have you forgot-
ten that there is a person in the world by the name of Walton ?

Dulr. But my mother—

Cath. Your mother ?

Dulr. Don’t speak so scornfully, Miss Clairvoir; that mother
may bo yours before long; yes, will be. Who is pale now?
Come, Miss Catharine, let us talk reason. I have not only my
m other’s assurance—

Cath. But also your own, which is fully equal.

150

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Dulr. But also your father approves of my passion. You may
look incredulous. And what is more, he has not only taken me in-
to favor, but Mr. Walton, he declares, shall never have you.

Cath. It is false ; false as your pretended passion. I shall ask
him this instant. [As she is going to the door, Dulruse puts him-
self in the way.] Stand out of my way, sir.

Dulr. But hear me.

Cath. Let me pass, this instant, as you value your safety. I
have been, I see, too backward, too forbearing. I wished to spare
Miss Mildmay’s feelings, and I was silent; I did not care to involve
Mr. Walton in a quarrel, and I forbore to tell him; and, for the
sake of all concerned, I have withheld your preposterous and in-
sulting declarations from Mr. Clairvoir: but, since this is misunder-
stood, my patience is at an end; and the next word that you dare
address me on this subject, you shall hear your answer from one
that will make more impression on you. Let me pass, sir. [Exit.]
Dulr. And the devil go with you, for a pert, insolent, purse-
proud—Damnation! [Exit.]

Scene II.—The dining-room at Mr. Clairvoir s. Enter Letty,
looking for something.

Letty. [Singing.]

“Still so gently o’er me stealing,

Memory will bring back the feeling"—

Enter Dulruse. He starts, looks pleased, then goes behind her
cautiously, and, as she concludes the second verse, puts his hand
about her waist.

Dulr. [Mimicking.] Fee-e-ling!

Lett. With a vengeance ! [Extricating herself with a show of
anger.] You are very free, Mr. Dulruse.

Dulr. I always am, my dear; quite at home with such pretty
rogues as you. Delicious song, that,—must have left quite a bou-
quet on your lips: let me taste it. [Attempting to kiss her ]

Lett. [Boxing his ears violently ] There, take that! And if
you ’re so fond of bouquets, sir, you’d better let Miss Mildmay fur-
nish you: you ’ll find too many thorns about my posy.

Dulr. Hark you, child ! you may think yourself vastly witty;
but, let me tell you, you are damned saucy.

Lett. I came to look for Miss Clairvoir’s fan, sir, not to meet
you. And now I’ve found it, I wish you more manners, and a
good afternoon. [Curtsies contemptuously and is about to leave the
room. Dulr. lays hold of her arm, and, in their struggles, he comes
with his back against the door and closes it ] Let me go, sir, you’d
better, for your own reputation.

Dulr. Yours, you mean. The door is now shut, hussy; and,
if you’d have me forgive you that blow, you’ll leave these airs for
your betters.

Lett. My betters, sir! And who are they ? Not you, nor your
mother, I can tell you. Let me go.

Dulr. You are very pert.

Lett. You are very impertinent.

Dulr. For a chambermaid, my little black-eyed vixen, you
have—

Lett. Too much penetration not to see through such a shallow
ditch as you.

Dulr. Come, come ! my angel of the bedquilts ; though your
eyes do flash fire—

Lett. They would find it hard to influence such a mouldy bit of
tinder as you are. And so—[Struggling.]

Dulr. Take that, Miss Impudence. [ Trying to kiss her.]

Lett. No; that, Mr. Fool! [Trusting the fan in his face.]
Dulr. Damn it, you minx; this is carrying the joke too far.

Lett. Not farther, sir, than Miss Clairvoir did for you a minute
ago. [Dulr. in confusion, lets go her arm. Letty opens the
door. ] You have a high notion of your own capacity, Mr. Dulruse ;
three women at once. And yet, let me tell you, you have n’t heart
enough for one of them, though you have effrontery enough for all
three. [He springs at her. She darts through the doorway.
Then, seeing him pause, Letty puts back her head into the room.]
And now hear a last word, sir, which, for your sake, more than my
own, I wont speak as loud as you obliged Miss Clairvoir to do:

He that has n’t wit enough to make the mistress listen, need not
think to come over the maid; and the man that is so base as to
cheat one lady and lie to another, is just worthy to attempt the hon-
or of a poor servingmaid, but is too contemptible to put it ever in
peril. Good day, sir. [Curtsies low, and exit, singing significant-
ly,—while he stands unable to move, from confusion and rage :]

“ but my feelings I smother:

O thou hast been the cause of this anguish, my mother !"

Dulr. [After a moment.] Bit on every side, by Haeven!
[Exit, clenching his hands.]

Scene Third.—St. John’s Square. The enclosure is seen. Enter, on
the outside, Walton, walking leisurely, and in the opposite direction,
Gantelet. Gantelet, as he comes in front of Mr. Walton, touch-
es his hat respectfully ; Walton returns the salute, and is about to
pass, but checks himself suddenly.

Walt. So, Gantelet; is that you ?

Gant. Aat Monsieur Walton sareveece. [Bowing.]

Walt. Your master has returned then ?

Gant. No, sare; Monsieur Rontolph haas stop aat Philadelphie.
Walt. And sent you on. I should not have thought, my good
Gantelet, that he could have spared you.

Gant. [Bowing humbly.] Monsieur is ver’ complaison: de
pauvre Gantelet is note really wort’ not ting.

Walt. When does he return ?

Gant. Dis eveneeng, sare: he stay aat Philadelphia for soam
leetel affaire, soam bagatelle, and senda me on, in de morning, wid
all hees effaics—hees bags, hees portmanteau, hees fusil, hees every
ting.

Wall. Did you leave Mr. Racy at bis lodgings ?

Gant. Mon, monsieur. Ah! I me recall in dis moment, Mon-
sieur Raacie waas gone out, all exprès for to see Monsieur Wul-
tone.

Walt. To see me ? When ? how long ago ?

Gant. Wan, two, tree minoot; ver’ leetel vile.

Walt. How unfortunate! I was just going to him. Well, if
you should meet him, Gantelet, tell Mr. Racy that he will find me
at his lodgings.

Gant. Oui, monsieur. [He touches his hat respectfully, as Mr. Wal-
ton moves on, and is about to depart in the opposite direction, when

Enter Letty, in great haste, from the side at which Gantelet first
appeared, i. e., facing Mr. Walton. She moves directly up to the
tatler ; and Gantelet stops to watch the meeting.

Lett. O, Mr. Walton ; I am so rejoiced to meet you, sir!

Wall. Well, Letty, what is the matter ? Take breath. You
need not wait, Gantelet. [Gant, behind Mr. Walton’s back, shakes
his fist at Letty, who smiles in return maliciously. Exit Gant.]
Lett. Oh, sir, I have just been, as fast as I could go, to Mr.
Racy’s, and not finding him at home, I thought I would take the
liberty to go to you; and I am so glad I lave met you, sir! There
have been such doings at our house! [Fans herself with her
apron.]

Walt. What? Quick!

Lett. Why, sir, there is Miss Mildmay, all in tears, poor thing
and Miss Catharine—[running.]

Walt. For Heaven's sake !

Lett. So distressed! I beg pardon. You must know, Mr.
Walton, that Mr. Clairvoir—I really don't know how to tell you.
Walt. Letty! this is worse than murder: speak out, at once.
Lett. Then, sir, the truth is, the devil is in the matter. [ Unty-
ing the strings of her bonnet, and fanning violently.] Mr. Clair-
voir has actually forbidden Miss Catharine to think any more about
you.

Walt. You dream.

Lett. I wish I did, sir; and that we all did ; but the only dream-
ers are Miss Catharine's father and Mrs. Dulruse, and that wretch,
Mr. Dulruse, is at the bottom of the whole business.

Walt. Go on, go on ; though I scarcely can believe you.

Lett. Yet it is true, sir. It seems that you have said something
about their silly magnetism that has displeased the old gentleman.
He and the housekeeper have been talking about it over and over
again this afternoon. What was said, I don’t know ; but suddenly

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

151

Mr. Clairvoir comes out of the room, crying out, in a very determin-
ed tone, “I'll do it”: he sees me on the stairs, tells me to call Miss
Catharine: so I did; they had a conversation together; I felt un-
easy ; I could not help entering the room; and I heard Mr. Clair-
voir tell Miss Catharine “ that she was not to think of you any more,
but he would provide a husband that had more brains, and was
more worthy of her." Excuse me sir, they are his words, no ideas
of mine.

Walt. Never mind; go on.

Lett. The rest, sir, is very little. The old man leaves the room,
and I went out too ; and before I got up stairs I saw Mr. Dulruse
go in. Now you must know, sir— But— No, it’s right that I
should tell you. Mr. Dulruse, sir, has been making love to Miss
Clairvoir for more than a week past. [ Walter falls back, and stands
speechless. ] O, dear Mr. Walton! don’t look so pale about it: do
you think Miss Catharine would think of such a thing as he! Lor',
sir, he is beneath my contempt, let alone such a lady as Miss Clair-
voir’s.

Walt. But Catharine never told me!

Lett. No indeed; she is not one of those ladies that love to have
gentlemen fight about them. Had you heard what she said to Mr.
Dulruse, at this interview, like a high-spirited lady as she is, you
would not feel concern on that score.

Walt. True, true, indeed: I don’t know how I could be so
weak, as to think for a moment—

Lett. Lord, sir, there he is! [While Walton and Letty have been
talking, two or three persons hart crossed the scene, and, at last, Mr.
Dulruse. He looks at the party suspiciously, and passes on, just us Let-
ty notices him.]

Wall. Where? who? Ah! [About to spring after Dulruse.
Letty stops him.]

Lett. For God's sake, Mr. Walton ! Think of Miss Catharine—
and for such a man!

Walt. You are right; let him go. You are a good and sensible
girl, Letty. What next ?

Lett. O sir, don’t flatter me, or I shall begin to think all men
alike. Mr. Dulruse has been complimenting me at a prodigious
rate, I can tell you, sir,—and I mean to tell somebody else too.

Walt. What! a general lover ? But that is none of my busi-
ness.

Lett. No, sir? I should have thought it was. But you and
Miss Catharine have such high notions of delicacy, you never will
listen to other people’s secrets.

Walt. Nor should you either, Letty. But you are a good girl,
[Offers her money.] A shawl, or ring or two.

Lett. No, sir; thank you; I have my pride, as well as my bet-
ters. Wait till your wedding day. Come, you are going to flatter
me again, Mr. Walton : don't turn my head. Well, sir, to finish
my story, and quickly; for people are beginning to look at us:—
When Mr. Dulruse had done with the mistress he comes to make
love to the maid, though I believe he was in search of his mother.

I gave him his dismissal as quickly as Miss Catharine had done,
(you need not smile—I did, sir;) and then, without saying a word
to anybody, I put on my things and ran all the way to Miss Catha-
rine’s uncle's; for I knew if anybody could help her, it was Mr.
Racy; and I think it high time he should interfere. Speak of the
—old boy—I do declare here he is.

Enter Racy.

Racy. Eh, what the devil, Schuyler! Making love to my little
Letty ? Too bad that! Hark you, child; don’t you let him teach
you nonsense.'

Lett. Not such a child as you take me for, Mr. Racy ; and if I
were, I should not go to an old widower for instruction. [Curtsies
coquettishly.]

Racy. You imp! [Drives her off.)

Lett. [Coming back.) Oh, Mr. Walton, please tell this old gen-
tleman what I told you; but, pray, for Miss Catharine’s sake, don’t
let him teach you wickedness. [Exit.]

Racy. Ha, ha, ha! give an inch and they’ll take a yard. O, the
devil! I forgot we're in the street. I wonder what makes the

girls so free with me, Schuyler; eh, my boy ? From the mistress to
the maid, they say just what they please to old Frank Racy.

Walt. They know his good nature, sir.

Racy. What, what! Now that’s but half what you mean; there
is something more in the comers of your mouth. I say, Walt, do
you know I was seeking you ?

Walt. And I was in search of you, sir.

Racy. Well, that’s odd; but, I’ll bet you a supper, I’ve the best
news. Frank Randolph’s got back from Richmond! he will be
here in an hour, you dog! his damned Parlez-vous came on this
morning with all his luggage. There’s news for you, Long-legs.
Gad! we’ll have a night of it. Why, how devilish grave you look !
What is in the wind, now ?

Walt. Let us move on and I’ll tell you. Your niece—

Racy. What, what! I might have look'd for some curs’d cat-
astrophe when a waitingmaid was in the plot. [Puts his arm
through Walton's.) Well, well, my niece ? [Exeunt.]

END OF ACT II.

Critical Notices.

Wiley & Putnam's Library of Choice Reading. No. XXII.

Essays of Elia. By Charles Lamb.

Of all the British essayists Charles Lamb is the most origi-
nal—if we may be permitted to use comparatively a purely
positive term. He is the founder of that school in which
Douglas Jerrold and Cornelius Webbe have been the most
successful disciples,—aped at second hand, or at twentieth
hand, by the William Joneses of our own continent—a set of
little people, who, wriggling hither and thither like the en-
tozoa, grow fat, like them, on the substance of alien brains.

Of all original men, too, Lamb, we think, has the fewest
demerits. Of gross faults he has none at all. His merest
extravagances have about them a symmetry which entitles
them to critical respect. And his innumerable good qualities
who shall attempt to depict ? For the present we shall let
him speak entirely for himself in an account of his
FIRST PLAY.

At the north end of Cross-court there stands a portal, of some ar-
chitectural pretensions, though reduced to humble use, serving at pres-
ent for an entrance to a printing-office. This old door-way, if you are
young, reader, you may not know was the identical pit entrance to old
Drury—Garrick’s Drury—all of it that is left. I never pass it without
shaking some forty years from off my shoulders, recurring to the eve-
ning when I passed through it to see my first play. The afternoon
had been wet, and the condition of our going (the elder folks and my-
self) was, that the rain should cease. With what beating heart did
I watch from the window the puddles, from the stillness of which I
was taught to prognosticate the desired cessation ! I seem to remem-
ber the last spurt, and the glee with which I ran to announce it.

We went with orders, which my godfather F. had sent us. He kept
the oil shop (now Davies’s) at the comer of Featherstone buildings, in
Holborn. F. was a tall grave person, lofty in speech, and had preten-
sions above his rank. He associated in those days with John Palmer,
the comedian, whose gait and bearing be seemed to copy: if John
(which is quite as likely) did not rather borrow somewhat of his man-
ner from my godfather. He was also known to, and visited by, Sher-
idan. It was to his house in Holborn that young Brinsley brought his
first wife on her elopement with him from a boarding-school at Bath
__the beautiful Maria Linley. My parents were present (over a quad-
rille table) when he arrived in the evening with his harmonious charge.
From either of these connexions it may be inferred that my godfath-
er could command an order for the then Drury-lane theatre at pleas-
ure—and, indeed, a pretty liberal issue of those cheap billets, in Brins-

ley’s easy autograph, I have heard him say, was the sole remunera-
tion which he had received for many year’s nightly illumination of the
orchestra and various avenues of that theatre—and he was content it
should be so. The honor of Sheridan’s familiarity—or supposed fa-
miliarity—was better to my god-father than money.

F. was the most gentlemanly of oilmen ; grandiloquent, yet courte-

152

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ous. His delivery of the commonest matters of fact was Ciceronian.
He had two Latin words almost constantly in his mouth (how odd
sounds Latin from an oilman’s lips!) which my better knowledge
since has enabled me to correct. In strict pronunciation they should
have been sounded vice versa—but in those young years they impres-
sed me with more awe than they would now do, read aright from Sen-
eca or Varro—in his own peculiar pronunciation, monosyllabically
elaborated, or Anglicized, into something like verse verse. By an im-
posing manner, and the help of these distorted syllables, he climbed
(but that was little) to the highest parochial honors which St. An-
drew’s has to bestow.

He is dead—and thus much I thought due to his memory, both for
my first orders (little wondrous talismen !—slight keys, and insignifi-
cant to outward sight, but opening to me more than Arabian para-
dises !) and moreover, that by his testamentary beneficence I came
into possession of the only landed property which I could ever call
my own—situate near the road-way village of pleasant Puckeridge, in
Hertfordshire. When I journeyed down to take possession, and plant-
ed my foot on my own ground, the stately habits of the donor descend-
ed upon me, and I strode (shall I confess the vanity?) with larger
paces over my allotment of three-quarters of an acre, with its com-
modious mansion in the midst, with the feeling of an English freehold-
er that all betwixt sky and centre was my own.  The estate has pas-
sed into more prudent hands, and nothing less than an agrarian can
restore it.

In those days were pit orders. Beshrew the uncomfortable mana-
ger who abolished them!—with one of these we went. I remember
the waiting at the door—not that which is left—but between that and
an inner door in shelter—O when shall be such an expectant again !—
with the cry of nonpareils, an indispensable play-house accompani-
ment in those days. As near as I can recollect, the fashionable pro-
nunciation of the theatrical fruiteresses then was, “ Chase some oran-
ges, chase some numparels, chase a bill of the play—chase pro
choose. But when we got in, and I beheld the green curtain that veil-
ed a heaven to my imagination, which was soon to be disclosed—the
breathless anticipations I endured ! I had seen something like it pre-
fixed to Troilus and Cressida, in Rowe’s Shakespeare—the tent scene
with Diomede—and a sight of that plate can always bring back in a
measure, the feeling of that evening.—The boxes at the time, full of
well dressed women of quality, projected over the pit; and the pilas-
ters reaching down were adorned with a glistering substance (I know
not what) under glass (as it seemed), resembling—a homely fancy—
but I judged it to be sugar-candy—yet, to my raised imagination, di-
vested of its homelier qualities, it appeared a glorified candy !—The
orchestra lights at length arose, those “ fair Auroras !” Once the bell
sounded. It was to ring out yet once again—and incapable of the an-
ticipation, I reposed my shut eyes in a sort of resignation on the ma-
ternal lap. It rang the second time. The curtain drew up—I was not
past six years old and the play was Artaxerxes !

I had dabbled a little in the Universal History—the ancient part of it
—and here was the court of Persia. It was being admitted to a sight
of the past. I took no proper interest in the action going on, for I un-
derstood not its import—But I heard the word Darius, and I was in the
midst of Daniel. All feeling was absorbed in vision. Gorgeous vests,
gardens, palaces, princesses, passed before me. I knew not players.
I was in Persepolis for the time, and the burning idol of their devotion
almost converted me into a worshipper. I was awe-struck, and believ-
ed those significations to be something more than elemental fires. It
was all enchantment and a dream. No such pleasure has since visit-
ed me but in dreams.—Harlequin’s invasion followed : where, I re-
member, the transformation of the magistrates into reverend beldams
seemed to me, a piece of grave historic justice, and the tailor carrying
his own head, to be as sober a verity as the legend of St. Denys.

The next play to which I was taken was the Lady of the Manor,
of which, with the exception of some scenery, very faint traces are
left in my memory. It was followed by a pantomime, called Lun’s
Ghost—a satiric touch, I apprehend, upon Rich, not long since dead —
but to my apprehension (too sincere for satire), Lun was as remote a
piece of antiquity as Lud—the father of a line of Harlequins—trans-
mitting his dagger of lath (the wooden sceptre) through countless
ages. I saw the primeval Motley come from his silent tomb in a
ghastly vest of white patch-work, like the apparition of a dead rain-
bow. So Harlequins (thought I) look when they are dead.

My third play followed in quick succession. It was the Way of the
World. I think I must have sat at it as grave as a judge ; for, I re-
member, the hysteric affections of good Lady Wishfort affected me

like some solemn tragic passion. Robinson Crusoe followed; in
which Crusoe, man Friday, and the parrot, were as good and authentic
as in the story.—The clownery and pantaloonery of these pantomimes
have clean passed out of my head. I believe, I no more laughed at
them, than at the same age I should have been disposed to laugh at
the grotesqne Gothic heads (seeming to me then replete with devout
meaning), that gape, and grin, in stone around the inside of the old
Round Church (my church) of the Templars.

I saw these plays in the season 1781-2, when I was from six to seven
years old. After the intervention of six or seven other years (for at
school all play-going was inhibited) I again entered the doors of a the-
atre. That old Artaxerxes evening had never done ringing in my
fancy. I expected the same feelings to come again with the same oc-
casion. But we differ from ourselves less at sixty and sixteen, than
the latter does from six. In that interval what had I not lost! At
the first period I knew nothing, understood nothing, discriminated
nothing. I felt all, loved all, wondered all—

Was nourished, I could not tell how—

I had left the temple a devotee, and was returned a rationalist. The
same things were there materially; but the emblem, the reference,
was gone !—The green curtain was no longer a veil, drawn between
two worlds, the unfolding of which was to bring back past ages to
present a “ royal ghost,”—but a certain quantity of green baize, which
was to separate the audience for a given time from certain of their fel-
lowmen who were to come forward and pretend those parts. The
lights—the orchestra lights—came up a clumsy machinery. The first
ring, and the second ring, was now but a trick of the prompter’s bell
—which had been, like the note of a cuckoo, a phantom of a voice, no
hand seen or guessed at which ministered to its warning. The actors
were men and women painted. I thought the fault was in them ; but
it was in myself, and the alteration which those many centuries,—of
six short twelvemonths—had wrought in men. Perhaps it was fortunate
for me that the play of the evening was but an indifferent comedy, as
it gave me time to crop some unreasonable expectations, which might
have interfered with the genuine emotions with which I was soon af-
ter enabled to enter upon the first appearance to me of Mrs. Siddons
in Isabella, Comparison and retrospection soon yielded to the present
attraction of the scene; and the theatre became to me, upon a new
stock, the most delightful of recreations.

Studies in Religion. By the author of “ Words in a Sun-
day School." New York : C. Shepard.

This is a neat duodecimo of about 225 pages, without Intro-
duction, or any clew to the author’s name, beyond what we
find in the title. The work consists of twenty-four well-
written and instructive essays, which from their brevity and
character we may as well denominate sub-sermons or ser-
monoids.

Short Patent Sermons. By Dow, Jr. Originally published
in the New York Sunday Mercury. Vol. I. New York:
Paige, Nichols, & Krauth.

These patent sermons have had a wide celebrity, and in
great measure deserve it from their wit and bonhommie, to-
tally devoid of offence. Who Dow Jr. is, we have never yet
been able to say. For anything we know to the contrary,
he may be our friend of the United States’ Journal. We have
heard him discourse by the hour in a strain very much akin
to that of the volume before us.

My Uncle Hobson and I; or Slashes at Life with a Free
Broad-Axe. By Pascal Jones. New York : D. Appleton
& Co.

This is a handsomely printed duodecimo of about 270 pages.
We have not had an opportunity of reading it thoroughly,
but some of the chapters have much of that sort of humor
which is found in the Chronicles of Pineville—that is to say
in the worst portions of the Chronicles. The announcement
on the cover that the book is an “ Interesting American
work" is in bad policy and worse taste.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

153

We comply, this week, with the suggestion of some friends
—that we should copy in the “ Broadway Journal” Hood’s
magnificent j .

BRIDGE OF SIGHS.

“ Drowned! Drowned!”—Hamlet,

One more Unfortunate,

Weary of breath, 
Rashly importunate,

Gone to her death !

Take her up tenderly,

Lift her with care ;—

Fashion’d so slenderly,

Young and so fair !

Look at her garments
Clinging like cerements;

Whilst the wave constantly
Drips from her clothing;

Take her up instantly,

Loving, not loathing —

Touch her not scornfully ;
Think of her mournfully,

Gently and humanly ;

Not of the stains of her,

All that remains of her
Now, is pure womanly.

Make no deep scrutiny
Into her mutiny
Rash and undutiful ;
Past all dishonor,

Death has left on her
Only the beautiful.

Still, for all slips of hers,

One of Eve’s family—

Wipe those pale lips of hers
Oozing so clammily.

Loop up her tresses
Escaped from the comb,

Her fair auburn tresses;

Whilst wonderment guesses
Where was her home ?

Who was her father ?

Who was her mother ?

Had she a sister ?

Had she a brother ?

Or was there a dearer one
Still, and a nearer one
Yet, than all other?

Alas ! for the rarity
Of Christian charity
Under the sun !

Oh ! it was pitiful!

Near a whole city full,

Home she had none.

Sisterly, brotherly,

Fatherly, motherly,

Feelings have changed:

Love, by harsh evidence,

Thrown from its eminence;

Even God’s Providence
Seeming estranged.

Where the lamps quiver
So far in the river,

With many a light
From window and casement,

From garret to basement,

She stood, with amazement,

Houseless by night.

The bleak wind of March
Made her tremble and shiver;
But not the dark arch,

Or the black flowing river:
Mad from life’s history,

Swift to be hurl’d—

Anywhere, anywhere
Out of the world ?

In she plunged boldly,

No matter how coldly
The rough river ran,—

Over the brink of it,

Picture it,—think of it,

Dissolute Man !

Lave in it, drink of it
Then, If you can !

Take her up tenderly,

Lift her with care
Fashioned so slenderly,

Young and so fair ! 

Ere her limbs frigidly
Stiffen too rigidly,

Decently,—kindly,—
Smoothe, and compose them ;
And her eyes close them,
Staring so blindly !

Dreadfully staring
Through muddy impurity
As when with the daring
Last look of despairing
Fixed on futurity.

Perishing gloomily,

Spurred by contumely,

Cold inhumanity,

Burning insanity,

Into her rest.—

Cross her hands humbly,

As if praying dumbly,
Over her breast!

Owning her weakness,

Her evil behaviour, 

And leaving, with meekness,
Her sins to her Saviour !

The Fine Arts.

The National Gallery at the Rotunda.—The dispari-
ty of wealth between the rich and the poor, has of late years
attracted the attention of lovers of equality. The “ shallow
benevolent” would remedy all the evils of life by re-model-
ling the whole structure of society; they seem to think, with
Alphonso the Seventh, that it is a pity the Almighty did not
consult them while creating the universe—they could have
shown Him how much better its moral structure might have
been. These gentlemen seem to think that it is in the power
of man to remove from the earth all sickness, pain, and po-
verty ; they forget that it is declared by the highest autho-
rity, that we “ shall have the poor always with us;" conse-
quently that there must always be poor and rich. It would
be well for society if these well-meaning persons, instead of
wasting their energies in attempting things impossible, could
be induced to confine their efforts to practical ameliorations.
A little examination of the subject would soon convince them,
that however great the difference between the pleasures of
the rich and the pleasures of the poor, the difference is capa-
ble of being brought down by education to very narrow li-
mits; it would be found, that the enjoyments belonging to

154

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

the wealthy are confined to ostentatious display, and those
accomplishments which require leisure for their acquire-
ments.

The Supreme Being, although He has been pleased to
confer on but few the power of producing works of intellec-
tual beauty, has yet given to almost all men the capacity,
with a little cultivation, of appreciating and enjoying such
works, independently of wealth or poverty. Take, for exam-
ple, the pleasure to be derived from hearing fine Music. It
is well known that in many parts of Germany—one of the
poorest countries in Europe—all the people, whatever their
stations in life, are equally capable of enjoying the composi-
tions of Mozart and Beethoven. We have heard it related
by a gentleman of great benevolence, taste, and talent, that
in travelling once through a mountainous district of Germa-
ny, where the people were so poor that they had no horses,
he was much surprised to hear a fine voice before him on the
road, singing one of Mozart’s compositions. On coming up
with the singer he found a sturdy peasant, with a wheelbar-
row, and on it a load of wood, enough for a horse, and in front
of the wood a rude music stand, with a piece of music on it.
This rude son of the soil was studying his part for the even-
ing performance. He belonged to the village amateur ope-
ratic company. All those villagers who had voices, learned
to sing, while many of the others played upon different in-
struments. One of the means of enjoyment which God had
given them had been cultivated, and Mozart had lived as
much for the peasants of the mountains, as for Joseph the
Second, his patron (!), or the nobles of Vienna.

Again: we see in England, among the poorest of the la-
borers, a taste for the beautiful productions of Nature : each
cottager, although his food be but the coarsest bread and his
drink the simple spring water, has his patch of garden, and
the woodbine that clusters over his door appears as beautiful
and smells as sweet to him, as to his wealthy employer.

There is another source of enjoyment as much within the
reach of all persons as those already mentioned, but not equal-
ly cultivated by the moderns: we mean the sense of the Beau-
tiful. This sense, the most important aid to our intellectual
enjoyment, was cultivated to the highest point by the Greeks
and the Etruscans. The very earthenware utensils of the
latter people are now sought after as models for the most
costly porcelain, manufactured for the wealthy alone; yet the
pleasure the Etrurian derived from contemplating the form
of his earthenware pitcher, was no doubt greater than can
ever be felt by the pampered possessor of its porcelain copy.
All things animate or inanimate, have forms which may be
beautiful or not beautiful, and to distinguish between these
requires cultivation and study. What the course of study
should be, is not exactly agreed upon ; but the mode adopt-
ed by European governments for improving the taste of their
manufacturers, has been, to open to them Public galleries,
containing the choicest works of the pencil and the chisel.
They have observed, that in France, where such galleries
have been open to the people for generations, the manufac-
tures have acquired an unrivalled degree of beauty, and the
people a keen sense of the pleasure to be derived from the
contemplation of works of Art. This is, however, a dollar
and cent mode of viewing the subject: in a moral point of
view, it has far higher claims to our attention, but we must
defer enlarging upon this point until a future occasion.

We have been led to the foregoing reflections by the re-
cent opening in our Park of the City Gallery. The Pictures
contained in the Rotunda were formerly, it will be remem-
bered, in the possession of the late Lumon Reed, Esq. of
Greenwich street. At his death they passed into the posess-

sion of his family, who wished to dispose of them to some
private institution, as they would not consent that the collec-
tion should be divided. This was deemed by many gentle-
men a favorable opportunity for founding a Public Gallery,
which should become also the property of the public. A
meeting was called at the suggestion of the Rev. Orville Dew-
ey. It assembled at the residence of Mr. Jonathan Sturges,
Mr. Ingham, we believe, being elected Chairman. Several
proposals respecting the purchase were made, but the mode
finally adopted was, that each gentleman present should sub-
scribe as much as he felt inclined, and the deficiency, what-
ever it might be, should be made up by Dollar Subscriptions
from the people at large. Then it was that the fine spirit of
liberality shone out preeminent. One gentleman present,
whose hand ever follows the dictates of his generous heart,
and whose warmest wishes have ever been for the prosperity
of the Fine Arts, put his name down at once for fifteen hun-
dred or two thousand dollars; others subscribed a thousand,
some eight and some five hundred dollars, and by this means
the purchase money was raised, all but about one thousand
dollars. But it should be clearly understood, that however
large the amount subscribed by individuals, it only entitles
them to an equal vote with the dollar subscriber. So that
the men who subscribed their hundreds, placed themselves,
voluntarily, and for the sake of the Art, on a level with the
working man who had put down his name upon the dollar
list. Too much praise cannot be awarded to these true fos-
terers of the beautiful art; while the many, and particularly
the fashionable many, expend their so-called enthusiasm
in wordy expletives and mawkish lamentation upon the fal-
len state of the Arts in this country, a few gentlemen honor-
ably distinguished as New York merchants, step forward,
and give the only substantial proof of their interest in Pain-
ters and the Painter’s Art. Again we say, all honor to these
generous men ! their names should be placed in every artist’s
studio, for remembrance and eulogy ; and our citizens in fu-
ture times, while enjoying the delights and benefits of this
liberal institution, should remember with gratitude those to
whom they are indebted for its establishment.

In furtherance of the objects of this public gallery—the
objects being, to our mind, the general understanding and
appreciation of fine works of Art—in order we say to further
these desirable ends, we shall give a copious criticism on
each picture in the gallery.

The Paintings at the American Art-Union.—The pic-
ture marked No. 11—property of the Artist—is called the
“Death Struggle.” It is painted by C. Deas, of whom wo
shall have more to say by and bye. The subject of the pic-
ture we take to be as follows: A Trapper has been found
trespassing upon the Indian hunting ground. He is met by
an Indian—a quarrel ensues, and being both mounted a des-
perate struggle commences. Being both bold, though wily
and desperate men, we may suppose a long and cautious en-
counter to have taken place—each being aware of the other’s
prowess. At length, worn out by skirmishing, they close :
wounds are inflicted on either side, but the Indian appears to
have suffered the most. The issue of the conflict seems
doubtful, but now a more fearful character is given to the
contest. The horses, maddened by the wounds which had
been dealt out alike to man and beast, break from the con-
trol of their riders, and rush headlong towards a frightful
precipice. The Trapper and the Indian seem to cling closer,
each anxious so become the victor, though conscious that
certain impending death will speedily conquer both. On, on,
speed the horses; wilder and wilder they grow in their flight

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

155

—the height is gained—without let or pause over they go !
Man and beast food for the Buzzards! But no! their down-
ward progress is arrested by a boldly jutting rock. It is in this
position that the artist has chosen to present them to the
public.

On the right hand of the spectator, a bold mass of rocks
jut out from the main body, some two or three yards below
the brink. On these rocks the horses and their riders have
fallen. The situation of the Indian is by far the most pre-
carious, his horse being upon the outer edge of the rocks,
from which it is evident that its violent struggles will speed-
ily dislodge it. The Indian has clasped the body of the
Trapper, who holds on with his right hand, in which is
his knife, to the limb of a huge tree, which stands boldly
out on the extreme point of the land. A beaver, which
had been hastily secured by the Trapper, and which was
most probably the cause of the dispute, has fixed itself up-
on the naked arm of the Indian, which it lacerates most ter-
ribly. On the ground above, an Indian warrior is watching
the combat with the most fearful interest depicted upon his
face.

It will be seen from this description, that the subject is
treated with great boldness—that there is actual life in every
portion of the picture. The figures of the Trapper and the
Indian are drawn with masterly force, and the distinctive
characteristics of the opponents preserved with admirable
fidelity ; more particularly the features of the two races—
for while the face of the Indian exhibits no other expression
than that of tiger-like ferocity, in the face of the bold Trap-
per may be discovered, mixed with unmistakeable evidences
of indomitable firmness, an expression of horror at his ap-
palling situation. The action of these figures is really ad-
mirable. Every portion of the picture gives evidence of ra-
pid improvement in the artist’s conception and execution ;
and in no part is the improvement more visible than in the
drawing and coloring of the horses. In his previous efforts
the form was certainly there, but it was wooden, texture
and all. But in this picture the anatomy is well made out,
and the animals have flesh upon their bones, which seems
to quiver as in agony and terror. The right eye of the Indian
warrior, watching above, is badly drawn; it is what may be
technically called, looking down the cheek; which, from
his position, could not be.

In whatever point we examine this picture—in color, ex-
ecution, or a composition—we are compelled to acknowledge
the high talents of the Artist. He has grasped the subject
with the hand of a master. There is a bold, daring energy
in the design, which gives unquestionable evidence of ori-
ginality—a qualification but rarely to be met with among
the artists of the present day; and he has worked out his
design with an intensity of purpose, which proves that he
has the true artistic feeling for his profession. There is,
however, even now, too much carelessness in his execution.
In the picture under notice, the masses of foliage in the
hack ground seem to have been daubed on with the finger,
and rubbed off with the coat sleeve.

Mr. Deas is quite a young man ; he has a long life before
him ; his prospects are most auspicious ; and if he be true to
himself and to his Art, he will acquire a wide-spread,
honorable, and lasting reputation.

Christ healing the Sick.—The good and the wise have
appreciated, and in the way of patronage, have certainly
done justice to this great and moral composition. It was in
a philosophical and moral point of view that West ever con-
sidered the department of art which he had embraced as a

profession, and in this sense he always wished to employ it.
This fact is nobly evinced in his leaving behind him so im-
perishable a record of gospel dispensation as “ Christ Heal-
ing the Sick”—a painting having for its basis the 14th and
15th verses of the 21st chapter of Mathews, and depicting in
the most vividly truthful manner some sixty individuals
who resorted to the Jewish Temple in Jerusalem, about the
year of our Lord 33, and there received, at Christ’s hands, a
cure of their many different maladies.

Mr. Morris, a well-known amateur, has been exhibiting
this great picture through some of the states with very grat-
ifying success. It is his intention to visit New York this
fall or next spring, and we have no doubt that he will reap
a profitable harvest from his speculation upon the good taste
and piety of our citizens.

We are full of expectation that the ensuing season will
bring forth many beautiful things in the way of landscapes.
The pleasant country is over-run by artists from our city,
who are rifling nature in her loveliest and most secret haunts.
However we poor town-tied denizens will forgive the thefts,
willingly, if properly acknowledged upon canvass, for then
we can revel in scenes which we may never be able to visit,
and snuff up in imagination the incense of the flowers,
which only bloom for us through the painter’s art.

Through the kindness of the owner, we have been admit-
ted to a private view of one of the most exquisite pieces of
sculpture that ever crossed the Atlantic. It is the work of
the sculptor to the king of the Belgians. The subject is a
female; the title, Coming from the Bath. As it is about to
be exhibited, we shall defer our critical account of it. Thus
much however, we will say, that in all the attributes of fe-
male loveliness, delicacy and roundness of form, perfection of
proportion, intellectuality, gentleness, and modesty, it could
hardly be excelled.

We are happy to say that this exquisite work of art is in
the possession of an American gentleman, who saw it in
Belgium, and being struck by its extraordinary merit, pur-
chased it at a great price. We shall have more to say about
it shortly.	

Musical Department.

The Bell Ringers at Palmo’s.—This very clever com-
pany of wandering minstrels have been giving several con-
certs during the past and present week at the Tabernacle,
and also at Palmo’s Theatre. Since they last played here,
they have travelled almost the entire length and breadth of
this vast continent. They have also been to Havanna, Cuba,
&c., &c. Their success has been everywhere most signal;
indeed it could scarcely be otherwise, for their entertain-
ments are so excellent in their way, and of so popular a char-
acter, that they are calculated to please every description of
audience. They have much improved since we last heard

them—they have acquired a greater degree of dexterity, and

they produce more striking effects. One of their most ef-
fective pieces is undoubtedly the Blue Bells of Scotland, with
variations. The variations consist of passages of great bril-
liancy and difficulty, which are executed with a precision al-
together remarkable.

They were encored in several of their performances, and
complied with the wish of the people who wanted to hear
the same pieces, by playing entirely different pieces at each
encore. A more absurd custom could not possibly exist.
For what do people encore a song, if not for the desire to

156

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

hear it again ? and if such is their wish, why do not public
performers condescend to gratify them ? The custom should
be at once abolished.

Mrs. Timm sang two songs during the evening, but she
seemed nervous, and did not acquit herself as well as we
have heard her.

Master Sconcia played two solos on the violin. He is a
very clever lad, and displays much aptitude for the instru-
ment, but he is on the wrong track. Why does he expose
himself to such absurd comparison, by striving to play com-
positions which Vieuxtemps and Ole Bul have made entire-
ly their own. They are utterly beyond his power, and all
that he can hope to accomplish at present, is to render them
with as little caricature as possible. We speak more harsh-
ly than we wish, but we do it in all kindness. We are sure
that with proper care, Master Sconcia would grow up to be
a fine violinist, but if he pursues his present course, his claim
to public approbation will cease with his round jackets.

We advise all our friends to go and hear the Bell ringers.

The Drama.

We continue our extracts from Mr. Murdoch's very inter-
esting MS—“ The Stage.”

American Dramatic Writing.—To keep alive a pure and
elevated taste for the drama, it is important not only that we
cherish the high classic excellence of Shakspeare and the
writers of former times, but that we mould into dramatic
form the materials of our own national history, and even
those of contemporary life. The stage connot fulfill its whole
office, if it does not present, in due proportion, the features
of character as they exist, the story of man as he is, the pha-
ses of American life.

Its Materials.—And what a world of fit material our
eventful history affords, downward from the era of the Indian,
the cavalier, the puritan, the Swede, the Hollander, each so
graphically marked in character, action, and costume, aided
by wild scenery, startling event, and stirring incident—whe-
ther for the lofty style of the tragic pen, or the broad pencil
of grotesque humor!

Who yet has brought out, in the serious drama, the
“ play,” properly so-called—the rich materials furnished by
such sources, and by the still nearer men and times of the
Indian and French wars, and even the period of the Revolu-
tion ? Have not our young writers been too prone to cast
their efforts into the mould of the classic tragedy, while they
overlooked the nearer access to ‘ men’s business and bosoms,’
opened by dramatic character and incident ? There lies yet
unexplored the whole mine of western life and character, so
graphic in itself, so rich in situation and incident; the Roman
grandeur of the life of our southern plantations, the quiet
home scenes of rural and village life in the nooks and valleys
of New England, so exuberant in quaint and picturesque
peculiarity, in sly humor and local manners—yes, and so
abundant, too, in instances of the loftiest heroism of romance,
befitting the majestic features of her mountain scenery, and
the sternness of her climate.

Its Character.—It is the genius of her young writers that
our country must look for a regenerated drama, breathing
the spirit of freedom and of high-toned manhood, of pure and
noble sentiment and generous feeling—an ideal of human
life, such as may draw from every American heart the re-
sponse which we give when we enter the studio of the pain-
ter, who has just finished a faithful and speaking portraiture
of our intimate friend. Yes, these are the very features: it

is a perfect likeness. Let us have a drama of which we can
say, ' Yes, this is our mode of life and character: this is true,
this is real.’ Not that it is prosaic and literal, but true—
true to the idea, true to the sentiment—a free not a close
copy, but a genuine study of nature.

Its Sentiment.—I would by no means be understood, how-
ever, as disposed to limit American dramatic writers so rigo-
rously, to national themes, as to exclude all others. No: an
important end of a national drama would be that of imbuing
the mind of our people with appropriate national feeling, in
regard to the forms of life and character in other countries.
The direct and impartial vision which every American ought
to turn upon the doings of men in other lands, should find
fitting reflection in the language of our dramatic writers.
The sentiments of the American, as he contemplates the
usurpations perpetrated by custom, and the paraphernalia of
ceremony, should breathe in their expression his native air
of freedom and disdain. The mirror which he holds up to
nature should be pure from every stain of conventional and
‘ bated breath.’ Do I assert too much in saying that the
American drama ought to be the treasury of free, noble sen-
timent and glowing expression, for whatever concerns the
moral and political life of man ?

Materials of American Tragedy.—It has been objected,
by some writers on dramatic composition, that modern life,
in no nation, furnishes the appropriate themes of the higher
or tragic drama, and that a country so young as ours, cannot
offer, in its whole territory, the requisite data. But this
question has, I think, been settled by the perfect success of
English authors, who have written on subjects drawn from
no remoter era than that of the colonization of our own coun-
try. The men of the English commonwealth, and of the
times immediately preceding and subsequent, furnish in the
vigorous, stern, and lofty stamp of character, of one party,
the philosopic and intellectual elevation of another, and the
very recklessness and unbridled license of a third, the most
abundant and the most effective materials of mental and mo-
ral delineation. They leave nothing wanting for the purpo-
ses of graphic effect, rich character, bold relief, and vivid
coloring. The whole of that portion of English and Ameri-
can history, is thoroughly dramatic. The mere silent peru-
sal of it by the solitary student, converts the imagination into
a theatre, where the monarch and the meanest of his rebel-
lious republican subjects, the courtier and the humble citi-
zen, the devotee and the man of the world, the fanatic and
the hypocrite, the hero and the saint, the cavalier and the
puritan, the cultivated European, and the savage of the Ame-
rican forest, all meet to fret their hour upon the busiest stage
that the history of the world has recorded.

Regard, too, the “ pith and moment” of the great enter-
prise then first agitating the modem world—the great ques-
tion of political liberty, in which all the actors just enumera-
ted were more or less involved, and there is stamped on that
era an impress of interest as broad and deep as humanity it-
self. It is a period which sheds its influence on every sub-
sequent stage of man’s history.

American Materials for “ Mixed” Plats.—But grant,
for the moment, that the sources whence we might derive a
national drama, are comparatively limited, in the deparment
of purely tragic composition,—there still remains that pecu-
liar form of dramatic writing, for which the genius of the
Anglo-Saxon race has so marked a predilection, and in which,
hitherto, it has so preeminently excelled,—I allude to the
serious and serio-comic play, the sphere in which Shakspeare
loved to move.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

Our early history is peculiarly rich in the materials for the
construction of this species of the drama. The varieties of
national and individual character are, in this period, numer-
ous and distinctly marked, to a degree unparalleled in other
times, and in other regions of the world: nor is there any
lack of event, or incident, or striking situation, or of field for
the display of character and sentiment.

The remark applies equally to our own times. The last
ten years afford, on our own continent, ample materials of
every description for the composition of historical plays of a
character which, were our authors awake to the value of the
subject, might live to distant times.

The mixed play, in which the serious "business of life pre-
dominates, but does not exclude the free working of humor
and individuality in character and domestic incident, is the
staple of the stage. The purely tragic and the merely comic
are the extremes of life, and cannot sustain their interest, in
dramatic representation, with that firmness and that uni-
formity which belong to the other. It is in this department
of the drama, that, as a nation, we are most deficient; and
it is to this that our young authors should turn their atten-
tion, as at once an inviting and a sure field of action,—for the
writer, whether we regard his personal success, or the ef-
fective aid he would render to the stage, by attracting to it
the natural, patriotic feeling of the people.

Of the regular tragedy we have a large supply already
furnished by the classic writers of England. Of broad com-
ic delineation there will always be furnished enough to meet
the transient demand for it. Of light and polished comedy,
touched by the pen of classical elegance, England itself now
affords no specimen. The reserve of sentiment, the smooth
uniformity of character, and the tame monotony of life,
which our day exhibits, leaves no point of effect, no striking
light, no contrast in color for the pencil of the dramatist.

This poverty of production in classic comedy, we share in
common with the mother country ; and above this disadvant-
age we cannot rise. The evil is inwrought with the very
texture of contemporary life. But in the department of his-
toric and domestic plays we are rich in resources. Let our
writers but develope them.

American Melo-Drame.—Nor need American authors ne-
glect that wide field of dramatic display which lies in the
humbler sphere of spectacle, where scenery and costume and
array, aided by music, effect so much to excite the feelings
of wonder and delight in the juvenile spectator, and those
whose confined mode of daily life allows so little scope for
observation and variety, and whose faculties are necessarily
athirst for action through the eye.

Historic Melo-Drame.—The whole ancient world of his-
tory lies open for such purposes to the dramatic writer; and
the displays of Egyptian worship, and Grecian art, and Ro-
man triumphs, and chivalric pomp, may all be converted in-
to practical lessons in history, imparted through the senses,
and imprinted indelibly on the memory. The scenes of Mex-
ican splendor on our own continent, might form an appropri-
ate sphere for similar effects.

Domestic Pieces.—Let dramatic composition assume forms
of truth and dignity, of utility and moral effect,—let them,
even in their gayest displays, contribute something to the
aliment of the mind ; and one source of objectien to the dra-
ma will be entirely removed. We have a convincing proof
of the truth of this assertion, in the unprecedented success of
Popular domestic piece, entitled The Drunkard, or the
Fallen Saved, as performed at the Boston Museum. This
play, acted upwards of a hundred times, continues to draw

overflowing houses in consequence of the structure of the
piece. It turns on scenes, and incidents, and characters,
which appeal, incessantly, to the actual feelings and knowl-
edge of the audience. It proves, more impressively than
ever, that the drama has its foundation in the human heart,
and cannot be eradicated from it; that the best way of reform-
ing the theatre, is to let it take its natural way to the feel-
ings of the people, through the medium of true delineations
of life, which are always full of moral instruction. The
crowded audiences which this piece attracts from all ranks
and conditions of life, the sanction which its excellent effect,
in a moral point of view, has drawn from the most influen-
tial minds, including those within the circle of the clerical
profession itself,—all serve to show what dramatic writing
may effect, when turned into the channels which we have
suggested.

I can imagine no way in which a mind of noble qualities
can impart more immediate, more extensive, or more per-
manent benefit to a community like ours, than by fusing its
best conceptions into the mould of the drama, and thus ren-
dering them at once universally accessible, and universally
influential and effective.

Park Theatre.—On Tuesday evening Mr. & Mrs. Chas.
Kean appeared in Shakspeare’s comedy of “ Much Ado about
Nothing.” Mrs. Kean’s exquisite performance of Beatrice
is too well known in this city to require any comment. On
this occasion her acting charmed us as much as ever, and
left us in full possession of the opinion we have long enter-
tained, that she need fear no rival in this and most other cha-
racters in legitimate comedy. The great novelty of the even-
ing was the first appearance—in this country at least—of Mr.
C. Kean in comedy ; and we certainly felt much curiosity to
see whether, like his great predecessor Garrick, he could be
claimed by either of the antagonistic Muses as her legitimate
offspring; and the result has brought us to the conclusion,
that tragedy is decidedly his forte ; and that however well
he may conceive and execute such characters as Benedick,
Don Felix, and many others, he has one natural defect suffi-
cient to mar, in a great measure, the effect of his perform-
ance of them. We allude, of course, to his voice. Where
there is a want of euphony in this organ, it is sure to be
more conspicuous, more noticeable, in dialogue of a colloquial
nature, than it would be in the declamation of tragedy; and
the reason is obvious. In the various passions pourtrayed in
tragedy, there are so many transitions and modulations of
the voice—(anger, terror, despair, love and melancholy, each
producing an almost total change)—that let the imperfection
be ever so great, we lose sight of it in the interest of the
scene, and in our admiration of the author’s delineation.
The quality of the voice is, indeed, a secondary considera-
tion, and never detracts from our admiration of the genius of
a great actor. We need only instance the cases of John Kem-
ble and the elder Kean, the former particularly, whose de-
fect in this respect was so great, that it gave one the idea,
when hearing him, of a man afflicted with the asthma; and
yet he was perhaps, the most noble tragedian England ever
produced.

We have made these observations, not in any ill will to-
wards Mr. Kean; quite the contrary. His conception of Be-
nedick was that of an accomplished artist; ho sustained the
spirit, wit, and raciness of the character admirably through-
out ; and not a point was lost in his hands. He certainly
possesses a true comic vein, and must always please a discri-
minating audience.

We must not conclude our notice without mentioning Mr.

158

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Bland, a gentleman engaged by Mr. Simpson as one of his
stock company. Mr. Bland enacted the part of Don Pedro
(the Prince)—by no means a difficult part, by the bye—but he
shewed, at once, that he was an actor much above the ordi-
nary standard of those who do not come over here as stars.
He delivered the poetry with excellent emphasis and discre-
tion, and his action is easy, graceful, and gentlemanly. If we
are not much mistaken, he is capable of shining in a higher
walk ; but he must abide his time, we suppose. We under-
stand he has since admirably played the Banished Duke in
“As you Like it;” so that he evidently possesses versatility.
We congratulate the manager and the public on his engage-
ment.

The only other cast in the play worth mentioning was the
Dogberry of Mr. Bass. He played it with much humor, and
elicited the hearty laughter of the audience. After listening
to him some few minutes, we thought he was somewhat like
the late John Reeve ; and before he had finished, we set him
down as one of the best imitators of that droll original we
had ever seen.

The comedy was, altogether, well put upon the stage.
There was a due attention to costume, scenery, &c. for which
the management deserve much credit.

Editorial Miscellany.

The Harpers will immediately resume the publication of
Humbolt’s “ Cosmos” of which they have as yet issued only
the fist Part. In London, the work is now being published
in monthly numbers. The Appletons will soon have ready
the works of Dante with Biography, Notes, etc., etc., in one
large volume, and embellished with Flaxman’s designs.
Great preparations are making in the way of Annuals and
other Gift Books. Mr. Saunders has nearly ready his “ Mis-
sionary Memorial”—Mr. Robert Hamilton his “ May-Flow-
er”—Mr. John Keese “ The Opal”—Mr. T. S. Arthur “ The
Snow-Flake”—and there are one or two others on the tapis.
The two next months will bring forth a great variety of new
books in every department.

The “ Chambersburg Times” does us the honor to make
up the whole of its first page from a single number of “ The
Broadway Journal. This would be all very well, had it not
forgotten to give us credit for our articles, contributed and
editorial—and had it not forgotten not to make certain im-
provements in our compositions to suit its own fancy. Copy-
ing, for example, a little poem of our own called “ Lenore”, 
the Chambersburg editor alters “the damned earth” into “the
cursed earth.” Now, we prefer it damned, and will have it

so.	_______

Grand Oratorio of the Seven Sleepers.—The perform-
ance of this Oratorio, under the direction of Mr. George Lo-
der, will take place at the Tabernacle on Thursday next,
Sept. l8th. Those who read our remarks upon this fine
work by Carl Loewe, in our last number, will need no fur-
ther inducement to urge them to attend its performance.

At the approaching Anniversary Soireé of the Manchester
Athenæum, Thomas Noon Talfourd will preside, and Chas.
Dickens, Eugène Sue and many other literary celebrities,
will be present.



CARD OF REMOVAL. — Mr. W. A. KING, Pro-

fessor of Music and Teacher of the Piano Forte and Organ, has
Removed to the First House above Twenty-Fifth Street on the Rail-
Road (4th Avenue.)	

J. BALLARD, Professor of the GUITAR, SING-

ING, and FLUTE, No. 135 Spring Street.

PIANO-FORTES

CHEAP FOR CASH.—The subscribers have on hand

a handsome assortment, 6, 6 1/2 and 7 octave, mahogany and rosewood
pianos, which they will variant and sell low for cash or approved pa-
per.

GLENN, ROGERS & CO., Manufacturers,

152 Fulton street, East of Broadway.

PIANO FORTES.

H WORCESTER, NO. 139 THIRD AVENUE,

. Corner of 14th Street, respectfully informs his friends and the
public, that he has a good assortment of Piano Fortes, in Rosewood
and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons wishing to pur-
chase will find it to their advantage to call and examine before pur-
chasing elsewhere.

NEW NOVELS OF GREAT INTEREST,
JUST PUBLISHED BY H. G. DAGGERS,

30 ANN STREET, NEW YORK.
THE COTTON LORD. By Mrs. Stone. A Ro-

mance of the Rich and Poor, written by a Lady of brilliant ta-
lents. 25 Cents.

FRANKENSTEIN, by Mrs. Mary W. Shelley, wife of the illustri-
ous poet. “ It is among the most exciting and terrible of modern ro-
mances.”—Tribune. 25 Cents.

LAWRIE TODD, by John Galt, with an original Preface by the
original Lawrie Todd, viz.: Grant Thorburn, Esq. “ Mr. Thorburn’s
Preface is worth more than the price asked for the novel.” 25 Cents.

THE NUN ; or, Life in a Convent. By one of the Sisterhood. “ A
terrible exposition of the secret practices of Roman Catholics.” 25 c.

POOR JACK. By Captain Marryatt, author of Midshipman Easy,
Peter Simple, &c. 25 Cents.

N.B. All of the above will be sent for One Dollar to any person or-
dering them through Postmasters, who are by law authorized to remit
money to publishers. Any Postmaster ordering the above shall be
presented with either novel he may select.

SEVEN SLEEPERS.

UNDER THE DIRECTION OF MR. GEORGE LODER.

THE BRILLIANT ORATORIO OF THE SEV-

EN SLEEPERS, will be performed at the TABERNACLE, on
Thursday Evening, September 18th, commencing at 8 o’clock.

Mr. H. C. TIMM will preside at the organ.

The Solo parts will be performed by the following Ladies and Gen-
tlemen :

Antipater, Proconsul at Ephesus,	Mr. S. Pearson,

Honorio, his wife,	Mrs. Strong.

Martinus, Bishop at Ephesus,	Mr. S. P. Cheney.

Malchus, 	 Mrs. E. Loder,

Serapion,		Miss Cheney,

Johannes, 	 Miss De Luce,

Constantine,      The Seven Sleepers,       Mr. J. Johnson,

Dionysius,		Mr. S. O. Dyers,

Marcianus,		Mr. R. Andrews,

Maximianus,	Mr. D. S. B. Bennett.

The Chorus of Shepherds—Chorus of Priests—Chorus of Warriors
—and chorus of the Ephesian People, will be sustained by about one
hundred and fifty performers selected with particular reference to their
musical qualifications.

A powerful orchestra has been engaged for the occasion.

Tickets 50 cents each, for sale at the stores of
Firth & Hall, 1 Franklin Square.

Atwill, 201 Broadway.

Saxon & Miles, 205 Broadway.

F.	Riley, 297 Broadway.

Scharfenburgh & Luis, 361 Broadway.

Firth, Hall & Pond, 239 Broadway.

G.	F. Nesbitt, cor. Wall and Water streets—at the door of the Tab-
ernacle on the evening of the performance, or of

H. MIGGS, 446 Broadway.

A. G. BAGLEY’S

CELEBRATED IMPROVED EVER-POINTED
GOLD PEN

THIS PEN RECEIVED THE HIGHEST PRE-

mium at the last Fair of the American Institute, and has been pro-
nounced by the First Teachers of Penmanship in the country, to be
infinitely superior to any Gold Pen ever before introduced to the Ame-
rican public. The lasting properties of this Pen are undoubted, owing
to the total absence of corrosibility from any of the inks in use; and the
peculiar shape of the nibs—which was first introduced by Bagley—
makes it more pleasant to use, renders it less liable to damage, more
easy to repair, and prevents the necessity of the great care that other
articles of the kind require.

MANUFACTORY 189 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

159

A CARD.

WM. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANO-
FORTE, ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank street,
where his terms for giving instruction can be ascertained. my17

MARTIN’S

ILLUSTRATED FAMILY BIBLE,

PART VIII.

Published this Day, Sept. 8,

Price Twenty-Five Cents.

CONTAINING a magnificent Engraving of the “ Ar-

rival of Rebecca.” The notes by the Rev. A. Fletcher, D.D., are
practical and devotional, and possess the rare quality of containing
much in few words ; the publication, as a work of art, has no equal;
and the fast increasing sale is a proof that its merits are appreciated.
Those who have not already subscribed are reminded, that a work
embellished with Steel Engravings, the value consists in obtaining
proof impressions, therefore early subscribers will have a decided ad-
vantage.	R. MARTIN & CO. 26 John Street.

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER. —JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near Elm. A

Large Stock of the finest instruments always on hand. Terms mode-
rate. FOR SALE—A Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a
great bargain for cash.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made
from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful
workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the busines

N. B. Wanted, a second-hand Parlor Organ.

Ptauo Fortes on hire by the month.

PIANO FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to
the elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establish-
ment, comer of Cottage Place and Bleecker street, which he will sell
at prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twen-
ty years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two
of the largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying that
his instruments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the
best makers in this country or Europe, and that they contain all the
real improvements of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and
Repaired.

New York, April 23d, 1815.

PIANO FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

(formerly Conductor to Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway,
will keep a complete assortment of the latest approved Grand Action
Piano Fortes, of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to
guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish,
and to endure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard
prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on
hire.

THE BŒHM FLUTE.

PHILIP ERNST, Teacher of the Flute and Gui

tar , would inform the lovers of Music that he has now for sale
several of the above celebrated instruments, constructed in every re-
spect in accordance with those now in use at the Paris and London
Royal Academies. To be seen at PHILIP ERNST’S Music Saloon,
395 Broadway, near Walker.

THIS DAY IS PUBLISHED,

VERSE AND PROSE, by Thomas Hood—Part 1,

forming No. 16 of the Library or Choice Reading, beautifully
printed Price 50 cents.

 “ Of all the humorists, Hood was the most poetical. When deal-
ing with the most familiar subjects, whether it might be a sweep be-
wailing the suppression of his cry, or a mother searching through St.
Giles’s for her lost infant, or a Miss Kilmansegg’s golden childhood—
there was hardly a verse in which some touches of heart, or some play
of fancy, did not beckon the laughing reader away into far other
Worlds than the jester’s.”—London Athenaum.

“ The smile and the sigh were ever blended together; the laugh at
the grotesque idea and whimsical imagination, (rarely seeing objects
as others saw them,) and the tear which must flow on such pathetic
narratives as Eugene Aram or the Old Elm Tree. Without a parallel
and original as Hood was in the ludicrous, his more enduring fame
will rest on the exquisitely humane and simply compassionate.”—Lite-
rary Gazette.

“ He was the inventer of a new sort of guano to fertilize men’s
minds, and to make them produce larger crops of good actions: or rath-
er it was an intellectual compost that be invented, and the materials
of which were satire softened by kindness, and ridicule tempered with
good feeling.”—Hood’s Magazine for June. Published and for sale
by	WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

POPULAR LITERARY NOVELTIES,

RECENTLY ISSUED BY

HARPER AND BROTHERS,

NEW YORK.

I.

MISS BEECHER’S DOMESTIC ECONOMY. 

A Treatise on Domestic Economy, for the Use of young Ladies at
Home and at School. By Catherine E. Beecher. Revised Edition,
with many Engravings. 12mo. 75 cents.

" A volume of especial value to the domestic circle, comprising a
large amount of important instruction respecting the duties of do-
mestic life and the educational training of females.”—Courier.

	II.

THE DUTY OF AMERICAN WOMEN TO
THEIR COUNTRY.

1 vol. 18mo. 37 1/2 cents.

This appeal might well be in the hands of every female in the
land ; its design is to aid in the correction of abuses in several depart-
ments of popular education. We therefore commend the volume to
the especial notice of our readers.—Commercial Advertiser.

III.

HUMBOLDT’S COSMOS.

Cosmos: a Survey of the general Physical History of the Universe.
By Alexander Von Humboldt. (Publishing in Numbers.)

“ A renowned production, by the greatest of scientific writers.”-—
Courier.

IV.

DR. ABERCROMBIE’S NEW ESSAYS.

Miscellaneous Essays. By John Abercrombie, M. D., author of " In-
quiries into the Intellectual Powers,” &c. 1 vol. 18mo. 50 cents.

“ These essays will be read with pleasure and profit by all who will
read them.”—Anglo-American.

V.

PRAISE AND PRINCIPLE;

or, For what shall I Live ? By the Author of " Conquest and Self-
Conquest.” 1vol. 18mo. 37 1/2 cents.

The story is really admirable—equal to Sandford and Merton, and

somewhat represents it in general tone and manner.—Broadway Jour-

nal.

VI.

BARNES’S NOTES ON EPHESIANS, &c.

Notes, explanatory and practical, on the Epistles of Paul to the Ephe-
sians, Philippians, and Colossians. By Albert Barnes. 1vol. 12mo.
Engravings. 75 cents.

VII.

PLATO AGAINST THE ATHEISTS;

With Critical Notes and Dissertations. By Tayler Lewis, L.L.D. of
New-York University. 1 vol. 12mo. $1,00.

	“ No more acceptable or timely contribution to the cause of sound

 classical education could possibly have been made than this. The
leading object of the work, even paramount to its relation to education,
 seems to have been fo furnish an antidote to the progressive atheism of
the present age.”— Courier Enquirer.

VIII.

TRAVELS OF MARCO POLO,

Newly collected from valuable MSS. in the Geographical Societies of
France and Italy, with copious notes and illustrations by Hugh Mur-
ray, with Maps, &c. 18mo. muslin. Price 50 Cents.

IX.

A PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES,

Through the Valley of the Meuse, and the Forest of Ardennes. By
C. Edward Anthon. 1vol. 75 cents
" a very pleasing, and more than ordinary useful book of travels.”
—Evangelist.

" The volume is replete with antiquarian lore relating to the city of
Charlemagne, and the renowned city of Treves. It is evidently the
work of a scholar, and cannot fail to enlist a profound interest.—Oswe-
go Advertiser.

X.

ENCYCLOPӔDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

A complete Repertory of all Matters connected with the Economy of
Housekeeping. By T. Webster, Esq. Edited, with Additions, &c.,
by an American Physician. Copiously Illustrated. $3, 50.

" This is decidedly a book for the million: it contains all that pre-
cise kind of information adapted to the use of families, and which one
may seek for in vain elsewhere.”—New-York Evening Gazette.

160

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL,

J. F. BROWNE & CO.

MANUFACTURERS OF THE

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION HARP,

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard,

J.F. BROWNE respectfully informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for

 the manufacture and importation of these very beautiful instruments, at

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are such as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the high duties imposed by
Tariff on these Instruments.

J. F. Browne would observe, these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modem improvements of London and
Paris, are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism. Particular care is taken to fit them for the ex-
tremes of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufacture, imported in the usual way.

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe; among the latter,he would mention N. C Bochsa,
who invariably selects from this establishment.

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional talent in this country.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir:—Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of testing
their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof against the in-
constancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction. I am yours, CHARLES THIBAULT,
January, 1845.	No. 40 Beach Street, N. Y.

Dear Sir :—I write to exrress the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella’s Concert in this city. The
mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old Master,
Bochsa, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other.	Yours, most truly, H. G. TRUST.

Philadelphia, March 4th, 1844.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—I have much pleasure in saying, that the Harp of your make I performed on at the St. George’s Society Concert,
is, in brilliancy of tone, touch and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever played on. This will apply to all your Harps. The Grand six
and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument.	Yours, with respect, ELIZABETH SLOMAN.

New York, January 16th, 1845.	A pupil of N. C. Bochsa.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—Hiving at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps, I find they possess the best qualities of the
first Makers in Europe combined. That the ease of touch, by which the most brilliant tone is obtained, the perfection and ease of modulation,
they are superior to any I have used; their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste. Your new Grand Gothic six and a half oc-
tavo,is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world; it will give me great pleasure in recommending your Harps at every
opportunity.	Yours Truly, HENRY HORN.

January 12th, 1854.	An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every way capable of making a
correct decision. J. F. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Arts, Philadelphia, for his splendid improvements in
this delightful Instrument.

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published monthly, at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since

1835, has a large subscription list, and is the principal organ of
Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the “ Broad-
way Journal," 135 Nassau streeet.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

THE FIRST PREMIUM AWARDED FIVE YEARS BY THE AMERICAN INSTI-
TUTE FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF HAND PENMANSHIP.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough course
of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and Sta-
tionery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A.M., 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P.M., daily, for gentlemen,
and from 11 to 1 o’clock, for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

MUSIC.

A Rare Opportunity of Acquiring a Thorough Musical Education.

G. H. DERWORT, Professor of Singing, Guitar and

Piano Forte, has opened a class for Young Ladies, from 7 to 10
years of age, among whom are three of his own daughters, whom he
proposes to thoroughly instruct in the art of Singing.

Mr. Derwort’s system is the result of many years’ observation and
experience, during which he has successfully taught in Germany, Lon-
don, and New York. His method cannot fail to impart to his pupils
a clear perception, and a thorough knowledge of the grammatical
principles of music, with the ability to harmonize any simple given melody.

Parents and Guardians are invited to call at his Rooms, 427 Broad-
way, when every inquiry will be answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in advance. Lessons
three times a week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

WEDDING, VISITING, and PROFESSIONAL

CARDS, engraved and printed at VALENTINE’S, 1 Beekman
Street—Lovejoy’s Hotel.

MEDICI SERIES OF ITALIAN PROSE.

PAINE AND BURGESS, 62 JOHN ST., HAVE

 just published, Nos 2 and 3 of the Medici Series of Italian Prose.
The Florentine Histories. By Nicolo Machiavelli. In 2 vols.
Translated by C. Edwards Lester, Esq. Price 50 cents per vol. pa
 per, 75 cents cloth.	

	OPINION of jared sparks, esq.

"With the Florentine Histories, I am well acquainted. Formed on

the classical models of antiquity, it is executed with consummate skill,

few historital compositions are so successful in attaining the two great 

ends of entertainment and instruction. The style is spirited, clear

and vigorous, the narrative rapid and condensed, the 

reflections of the author, though brief and sententious, are always appropriate

and often profound.

There is probably no work within the same compass in which the

instructive lessons of History can be studied with more profit and ef-fect."

PIANO FORTES. The Subscribers, while return-

ing thanks to their numerous friends and to the public, would, at
me same time call attention to their Stock of Instruments, of six and
seven octaves, just finished, in elegant Rosewood and mahogany cases.
The subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM, 361 Broadway.

Manufactory, 13th st., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

Our First Volume. A few copies of the first volume of the Broadway
Journal are for sale at the office, either in numbers or neatly bound.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.         	Colon Sc Adriance, Philadelphia-

R.G.H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct.                      Thos. H. Pease, New Haven, Ct.
M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.                   	J. C. Morgan, New-Orleans.

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O.	W.W. Kingsley, New-London, Ct.

D.M. Dewey, Rochester, N.Y.	G. N. Beesley, Utica, N. Y.

J. Robertaon, Syracuse, N. Y.	H. B. Strang, Peekskill, N. Y.

W.E. Russell, Schenectady, N.Y.                     Haliburton & Dudley, Boston, Ms.

Levi Willard, Troy, N.Y.               S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.

G. Jones, Albany, N.Y.                                      Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct.

S.F. Hoyt, Newburgh, N.Y.                         H. Esten, Providence, R.I.

Shurtz & Wilde, Baltimore, Md.                        Safford & Park, Norwich, Ct.

S. Hart, sen. Charleston, S. C