THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL, 2,	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 11, 1845.	NO. 14.

Three Dollars per Annum.	EditEd by	Published at 135 Nassau-st*

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	EDGAR A. POE asd HENRY O. WATSON.	By JOHN BISCO.

Beauty in Shadow.

I mark a sadness on thy brow,

Not meet in one so fair as thou;

And as I hear thy accent now,

There’s sorrow in each tone;—

O! sure thou hast not felt the chain,

The venom of love’s shaft—the pain,

That from a dream, forever vain,

Leaves life’s sad waking lone!

Like some sweet waters poured to waste,

With few to see, with none to taste,

Do thy heart’s precious fountains haste
To desert sands and seas?
Oh! flowers thy hope in friendless sky,

Beneath no fond, imploring eye—

Or, like some harp, that hangs on high,

Among forgotten trees?

W. Gll.MORE SlMMS.

Ms. Found in a Bottle.

Q.ui n’a plus qu’un moment a vivre

N’a plus rien a dissimuler__Quinault—Alys.

Of my country and of my family I have little to say.
Ill usage and length of years have driven me from the
one, and estranged me from the other. Hereditary wealth
afforded me an education of no common order, and a con-
templative turn of mind enabled me to methodize the
stores which early study very diligently garnered up.—
Beyond all things, the works of the German moralists
gave me great delight; not from any ill-advised admira-
tion of their eloquent madness, but from the ease with
which my habits of rigid thought enabled me to detect
their falsities. I have often been reproached with the
aridity of my genius; a deficiency of imagination has
been imputed to me as a crime; and the Pyrrhonism of
my opinions has at all times rendered me notorious. In-
deed, a strong relish for physical philosophy has, I fear,
tinctured my mind with a very common error of this
age—I mean the habit of referring occurrences, even the
east susceptible of such reference, to the principles of
that science. Upon the whole, no person could be less
liable than myself to be led away from the severe pre-
eincts of truth by the ignes fatui of superstition. I have
bought proper to premise thus much, lest the incredible
tale I have to tell should be considered rather the raving
of a crude imagination, than the positive experience of
a mind to which the reveries of fancy have been a dead
tetter and a nullity.

After many years spent in foreign travel, I sailed in
the year 18—, from the port of Batavia, in the rich and
Populous island of Java, on a voyage to the Archipelago 
of the Sunda islands. I went as passenger—having no
other inducement than a kind of nervous restlessness
which haunted me as a fiend.

Our vessel was a beautiful ship of about four hundred
tons, copper-fastened, and built at Bombay of Malabar
teak. She was freighted with cotton-wool and oil, from
the Lachadive islands. We had also on board coir, jag-
geree, ghee, cocoa-nuts, and a few cases of opium. The
stowage was clumsily done, and the vessel consequently
crank.

We got under way with a mere breath of wind, and
for many days stood along the eastern coast of Java,
without any other incident to beguile the monotony of
our course than the occasional meeting with some of the
small grabs of the Archipelago to which we were bound.

One evening, leaning over the taffrail, I observed a
very singular, isolated cloud, to the N. W. It was re-
markable, as well for its color, as from its being the first
we had seen since our departure from Batavia. I watch-
ed it attentively until sunset, when it spread all at once
to the eastward and westward, girting in the horizon
with a narrow strip of vapor, and looking like a long
line of low beach. My notice was soon afterwards at-
tracted by the dusky-red appearance of the moon, and
the peculiar character of the sea. The latter was under-
going a rapid change, and the water seemed more than
usually transparent. Although I could distinctly see the
bottom, yet, heaving the lead, I found the ship in fifteen
fathoms. The air now became intolerably hot, and was
loaded with spiral exhalations similar to those arising
from heated iron. As night came on, every breath of
wind died away, and a more entire calm it is impossible
to conceive. The flame of a candle burned upon' the
poop without the least perceptible motion, and a long
hair, held between the finger and thumb, hung without
the possibility of detecting a vibration. However, as the
captain said he could perceive no indication of danger,
and as we were drifting in bodily to shore, he ordered
the sails to be furled, and the anchor let go. No watch
was set, and the crew, consisting principally of Malays,
stretched themselves deliberately upon deck. I went be-
low—not without a full presentiment of evil. Indeed,
every appearance warranted me in apprehending a Si-
moom. I told the captain my fears; but he paid no at-
tention to what I said, and left me without deigning to
give a reply. My uneasiness, however, prevented me
from sleeping, and about midnight I went upon deck.—
As I placed my foot upon the upper step of the compan-
ion-ladder, I was startled by a loud, humming noise,
like that occasioned by the rapid revolution of a mill-
wheel, and before I could ascertain its meaning, I found
the ship quivering to its centre. In the next instant, a
wilderness of foam hurled us upon our beam-ends, and,
rushing over us fore and aft, swept the entire decks from
stem to stern.

The extreme fury of the blast proved, in a great meas-
ure, the salvation of the ship. Although completely wa-
ter-logged, yet, as her masts had gone by the board, she
rose, after a minute, heavily from the sea, and, stagger-

204

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ing awhile beneath the immense pressure of the tempest,
finally righted.

By what miracle I escaped destruction, it is impossible
to say. Stunned by the shock of the water, I found my-
self, upon recovery, jammed in between the stern-post
and rudder. With great difficulty I gained my feet, and
looking dizzily around, was, at first, struck with the idea
of our being among breakers ; so terrific, beyond the wild-
est imagination, was the whirlpool of mountainous and
foaming ocean within which we were engulfed. After a
while, I heard the voice of an old Swede, who had ship-
ped with us at the moment of our leaving port. I hal-
looed to him with all my strength, and presently he came
reeling aft. We soon discovered that we were the sole
survivors of the accident. All on deck, with the excep-
tion of ourselves, had been swept overboard;—the cap-
tain and mates must have perished as they slept, for the
cabins were deluged with water. Without assistance,
we could expect to do little for the security of the ship,
and our exertions were at first paralyzed by the momen-
tary expectation of going down. Our cable had, of course,
parted like pack-thread, at the first breath of the hurri-
cane, or we should have been instantaneously overwhelm-
ed. We scudded with frightful velocity before the sea,
and the water made clear breaches over us. The frame-
work of our stern was shattered excessively, and, in al-
most every respect, we had received considerable injury;
but to our extreme joy we found the pumps unchoked,
and that we had made no great shifting of our ballast.—
The main fury of the blast had already blown over, and
we apprehended little danger from the violence of the
wind; but we looked forward to its total cessation with
dismay; well believing, that, in our shattered condition,
we should inevitably perish in the tremendous swell
which would ensue. But this very just apprehension
seemed by no means likely to be soon verified. For five
entire days and nights—during which our only subsist-
ence was a small quantity of jaggeree, procured with
great difficulty from the forecastle—the hulk flew at a
rate defying computation, before rapidly succeeding flaws
of wind, which, without equalling the first violence of
the Simoom, were still more terrific than any tempest I
had before encountered. Our course for the first four
days was, with trifling variations, S. E. and by S.; and
we must have run down the coast of New Holland.—
On the fifth day the cold became extreme, although the
wind had hauled round a point more to the northward.—
The sun arose with a sickly yellow lustre, and clambered
a very few degrees above the horizon—emitting no deci-
sive light. There were no clouds apparent, yet the wind
was upon the increase, and blew with a fitful and un-
steady fury. About noon, as nearly as we could guess,
our attention was again arrested by the appearance of the
sun. It gave out no light, properly so called, but a dull
and sullen glow without reflection, as if all its rays were
polarized. Just before sinking within the turgid sea, its
central fires suddenly went out, as if hurriedly extin-
guished by some unaccountable power. It was a dim,
silver-like rim, alone, as it rushed down the unfathomable
ocean.

We waited in vain for the arrival of the sixth day—
that day to me has not arrived—to the Swede, never did
arrive. Thenceforward we were enshrouded in pitchy
darkness, so that we could not have seen an object at
twenty paces from the ship. Eternal night continued to
envelop us, all unrelieved by the phosphoric sea-brillian-
cy to which we had been accustomed in the tropics. We
observed too, that, although the tempest continued to

rage with unabated violence, there was no longer to be
discovered the usual appearance of surf, or foam, which
had hitherto attended us. All around were horror, and
thick gloom, and a black sweltering desert of ebony.—
Superstitious terror crept by degrees into the spirit of the
old Swede, and my own soul was wrapped up in silent
wonder. We neglected all care of the ship, as worse
than useless, and securing ourselves, as well as possible,
to the stump of the mizen-mast, looked out bitterly into
the world of ocean. We had no means of calculating
time, nor could we form any guess of our situation. We
were, however, well aware of having made farther to
the southward than any previous navigators, and felt
great amazement at not meeting with the usual impedi-
ments of ice. In the meantime every moment threaten-
ed to be our last—every mountainous billow hurried to
overwhelm us. The swell surpassed anything I had
imagined possible, and that we were not instantly buried
is a miracle. My companion spoke of the lightness of
our cargo, and reminded me of the excellent qualities of
our ship; but I could not help feeling the utter hopeless-
ness of hope itself, and prepared myself gloomily for that
death which I thought nothing could defer beyond an
hour, as, with every knot of way the ship made, the
swelling of the black stupendous seas became more dis-
mally appalling. At times we gasped for breath at an
elevation beyond the albatross—at times became dizzy
with the velocity of our descent into some watery hell,
where the air grew stagnant, and no sound disturbed the
slumbers of the kraken.

We were at the bottom of one of these abysses, when
a quick scream from my companion broke fearfully upon
the night. “See!” see!” cried he, shrieking in my
ears, “Almighty God! see! see!” As he spoke, I be-
came aware of a dull, sullen glare of red light which
streamed down the sides of the vast chasm where we
lay, and threw a fitful brilliancy upon our deck. Casting
my eyes upwards, I beheld a spectacle which froze the
current of my blood. At a terrific height directly above
us, and upon the very verge of the precipitous descent,
hovered a gigantic ship of, perhaps, four thousand tons.
Although upreared upon the summit of a wave more
than a hundred times her own altitude, her apparent
size still exceeded that of any ship of the line or East
Indiaman in existence. Her huge hull was of a deep
dingy black, unrelieved by any of the customary carvings
of a ship. A single row of brass cannon protruded from
her open ports, and dashed from their polished surfaces
the fires of innumerable battle-lanterus, which swung to
and fro about her rigging. But what mainly inspired us
with horror and astonishment, was that she bore up un-
der a press of sail in the very teeth of that supernatural
sea, and of that ungovernable hurricane. When we first
discovered her, her bows were alone to be seen, as she
rose slowly from the dim and horrible gulf beyond her.
For a moment of intense terror she paused upon the gid-
dy pinnacle, as if in contemplation of her own sublimity,
then trembled and tottered, and—came down.

At this instant, I know not what sudden self-possession
came over my spirit. Staggering as far aft as I could, I
awaited fearlessly the ruin that was to overwhelm. Our
own vessel was at length ceasing from her struggles,
and sinking with her head to the sea. The shock of the
descending mass struck her, consequently, in that portion
of her frame which was already under water, and the in-
evitable result was to hurl me, with irresistible violence,
upon the rigging of the stranger.



THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

205

As I fell, the ship hove in stays, and went about; and to
the confusion ensuing I attributed my escape from the
notice of the crew. With little difficulty I made my
way unperceived to the main hatchway, which was par-
tially open, and soon found an opportunity of secreting
myself in the hold. Why I did so I can hardly tell. An
indefinite sense of awe, which at first sight of the navi,
gators of the ship had taken hold of my mind, was per-
haps the principle of my concealment. I was unwilling
to trust myself with a race of people who had offered, to
the cursory glance I had taken, so many points of vague
novelty, doubt, and apprehension. I therefore thought
proper to contrive a hiding-place in the hold. This I did
by removing a small portion of the shifting-boards, in
such a manner as to afford me a convenient retreat be-
tween the huge timbers of the ship.

I had scarcely completed my work, when a footstep in
the hold forced me to make use of it. A man passed by
my place of concealment with a feeble and unsteady
gait. I could not see his face, but had an opportunity of
observing his general appearance. There was about it
an evidence of great age and infirmity. His knees tot-
tered beneath a load of years, and his entire frame quiv-
ered under the burthen. He muttered to himself, in a
low broken tone, some words of a language which I could
not understand, and groped in a corner among a pile of
singular-looking instruments, and decayed charts of na-
vigation. His manner was a wild mixture of the pee-
vishness of second childhood, and the solemn dignity of
a God. He at length went on deck, and I saw him no
more.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*

A feeling, for which I have no name, has taken pos-
session of my soul—a sensation which will admit of no
analysis, to which the lessons of by-gone time are inade-
quate, and for which I fear futurity itself will offer me
no key. To a mind constituted like my own, the latter
consideration is an evil. I shall never—I know that I
shall never—be satisfied with regard to the nature of my
conceptions. Yet it is not wonderful that these concep-
tions are indefinite, since they have their origin in sour-
ces so utterly novel. A new sense—a new entity is added

to my soul. *	*	*	*	*

It is long since I first trod the deck of this terrible
ship, and the rays of my destiny are, I think, gathering
to a focus. Incomprehensible men! Wrapped up in me-
ditations of a kind which I cannot divine, they pas! me
by unnoticed. Concealment is utter folly on my part, for
the people trill not see. It was but just now that I
passed directly before the eyes of the mate—it was no
long while ago that I ventured into the captain’s own
private cabin, and took thence the materials with which
I write, and have written. I shall from time to time
continue this journal. It is true that I may not find an
opportunity of transmitting it to the world, but I will
not fail to make the endeavour. At the last moment I
will enclose the MS. in a bottle, and cast it within the
sea.*	*	*	*	*	* 



An incident has occurred which has given me new
room for meditation. Are such things the operation of
ungoverned Chance? I had ventured upon deck and
thrown myself down, without attracting any notice,
among a pile of ratlin-stuff and old sails, in the bottom
of the yawl. While musing upon the singularity of my
fate, I unwittingly daubed with a tar-brush the edges of
a neatly-folded studding-sail which lay near me on a
barrel The studding-sail is now bent upon the ship,

and the thoughtless touches of the brush are spread out
into the word DISCOVERY. *	*	*

I have made many observations lately upon the struc-
ture of the vessel. Although well armed, she is not, I
think, a ship of war. Her rigging, build, and general
equipment, all negative a supposition of this kind. What
she is not, I can easily perceive—what she is I fear it is
impossible to say. I know not how it is, but in scrutini-
zing her strange model and singular cast of spars, her
huge size and overgrown suits of canvass, her severely
simple bow and antiquated stern, there will occasionally
flash across my mind a sensation of familiar things, and
there is always mixed up with such indistinct shadows
of recollection, an unaccountable memory of old foreign
chronicles and ages long ago. *	*	*

I have been looking at the timbers of the ship. She
is built of a material to which I am a stranger. There
is a peculiar character about the wood which strikes me
as rendering it unfit for the purpose to which it has been
applied. I mean its extreme porousnses, considered in-
dependently of the worm-eaten condition which is a con-
sequence of navigation in these seas, and apart from the
rottenness attendant upon age. It will appear perhaps
an observation somewhat over-curious, but this wood
would have every characteristic of Spanish oak, if Span-
ish oak were distended by any unnatural means.

In reading the above sentence a curious apothegm of
an old weather-beaten Dutch navigator comes full upon
my recollection. “It is as sure,” he was wont to say,
when any doubt was entertained of his veracity, “as
sure as there is a sea where the ship itself will grow in
bulk like the living body of the seaman.” *	*

About an hour ago, I made bold to thrust myself among
a group of the crew. They paid me no manner of atten-
tion, and, although I stood in the very midst of them all,
seemed utterly unconscious of my presence. Like the
one I had at first seen in the hold, they all bore about
them the marks of a hoary old age. Their knees trem-
bled with infirmity; their shoulders were bent double
with decrepitude; their shrivelled skins rattled in the
wind; their voices were low, tremulous and broken;
their eyes glistened with the rheum of years; and their
gray hairs streamed terribly in the tempest. Around
them, on every part of the deck, lay scattered mathema-
tical instruments of the most quaint and obsolete con-
 struction.	*****

I mentioned some time ago the bending of a studding-
sail. From that period the ship, being thrown dead off
the wind, has continued her terrific course due south,
with every rag of canvass packed upon her, from her
trucks to her lower studding-sail booms, and rolling every
moment her top-gallant yard-arms into the most appall-
ing hell of water which it can enter into the mind of man
to imagine. I have just left the deck, where I find it
impossible to maintain a footing, although the crew
seem to experience little inconvenience. It appears to
me a miracle of miracles that our enormous bulk is not
swallowed up at once and forever. We are surely doomed
to hover continually upon the brink of Eternity, without
taking a final plunge into the abyss. From billows a thou-
sand times more stupendous than any I have ever seen,
we glide away with the facility of the arrowy sea-gull;
and the colossal waters rear their heads above us like
demons of the deep, but like demons confined to simple
threats and forbidden to destroy. I am led to attribute
these frequent escapes to the only natural cause which
can account for such effect.—I must suppose the ship to

206

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

be within the influence of some strong current, or impe-
tuous under-tow.	*	*	*	*

I have seen the captain face to face, and in his own
cabin—hut, as I expected, he paid me no attention. Al-
though in his appearance there is, to a casual observer,
nothing which might bespeak him more or less than man
—still a feeling of irrepressible reverence and awe min-
gled with the sensation of wonder with which I regard-
ed him. In stature he is nearly my own height; that is,
about five feet eight inches. He is of a well-knit and
compact frame of body, neither robust nor remarkably
otherwise. But it is the singularity of the expres-
sion which reigns upon the face—it is the intense, the
wonderful, the thrilling evidence of old age so utter, so
extreme, which excites within my spirit a sense—a sen-
timent ineffable. His forehead, although little wrinkled,
seems to bear upon it the stamp of a myriad of years.—
His gray hairs are records of the past, and his grayer
eyes are Sybils of the future. The cabin floor was thick-
ly strewn with strange, iron-clasped folios, and moulder-
ing instruments of science, and obsolete long-forgotten
charts. His head was bowed down upon his hands, and
he pored, with a fiery unquiet eye, over a paper which I
took to be a commission, and which, at all events, bore
the signature of a monarch. He muttered to himself, as
did the first seaman whom I saw in the hold, some low
peevish syllables of a foreign tongue, and although the
speaker was close at my elbow, his voice seemed to reach
my ears from the distance of a mile. * 	*

The ship and all in it are imbued with the spirit of
Eld. The crew glide to and fro like the ghosts of buried
centuries; their eyes have an eager and uneasy meaning;
and when their figures fall athwart my path in the wild
glare of the battle-lanterns, I feel as I have never felt be-
fore, although I have baen all my life a dealer in antiqui-
ties, and have imbibed the shadows of fallen columns at
Balbec, and Tadmor, and Persepolis, until my very soul
has become a ruin.	*	*	*	*

When I look around me I feel ashamed of my former
apprehensions. If I trembled at the blast which has
hitherto attended us, shall I not stand aghast at a war-
ring of wind and ocean, to convey any idea of which the
words tornado and simoom are trivial and ineffective!
All in the immediate vicinity of the ship is the black-
ness of eternal night, and a chaos of foamless water;
but, about a league on either side of us, may be seen, in-
distinctly and at intervals, stupendous ramparts of ice,
towering away into the desolate sky, and looking like
the walls of the universe.	*	*	*

As I imagined, the ship proves to be in a current; if
that appellation can properly be given to a tide which,
howling and shrieking by the white ice, thunders on to
the southward with a velocity like the headlong dashing
of a cataract. *****

To conceive the horror of my sensations is, I presume,
utterly impossible; yet a curiosity to penetrate the mys-
teries of these awful regions, predominates even over my
despair, and will reconcile me to the most hideous aspect
of death. It is evident that we are hurrying onwards to
some exciting knowledge—some never-to-be-imparted se-
cret, whose attainment is destruction. Perhaps this cur-
rent leads us to the southern pole itself. It must be con-
fessed that a supposition apparently so wild has every
probability in its favor. *	*	*	*

The crew pace the deck with unquiet and tremulous
step; but there is upon their countenances an expression

more of the eagerness of hope than of the apathy of de-
spair.

In the meantime the wind is still in our poop, and, as
we carry a crowd of canvass, the ship is at times lifted

bodily from out the sea——Oh, horror upon horror!

the ice opens suddenly to the right, and to the left, and
we are whirling dizzily, in immense concentric circles,
round and round the borders of a gigantic amphitheatre,
the summit of whose walls is lost in the darkness and
the distance. But little time will be left me to ponder
upon my destiny—the circles rapidly grow small—we
are plunging madly within the grasp of the whirlpool—
and amid a roaring, and bellowing, and thundering of
ocean and of tempest, the ship is quivering, oh God!
and—going down.	Edgar a. Poe.

Stanzas.

Oh! lay not her loveliness under the sod,

When life’s silver chord shall have parted;

The frame of the late when the music’s with God—

The gentle girl now broken-hearted!

Would ye that the worms of the valley should prey
On the lips once like roses above her?

Or rather the Fire King waft her away,

Forever, in free air, to hover I

Then of amber and wood of the sandal-tree rear
All fragrant the funeral pyre:

For sure there is nothing of darksome or drear
In the shadowless Spirit of Fire!

Oh! beautiful he is, and hath not his peers
In the elements—he is their master!

To him give her blighted bloom dew’d with our tears,

And he, though he burn, will not blast her!

She shall scorch, like the lily she looks, in his breath;

But paly, and pure, and perfuming,

His arms shall her beauty unhlemished enwreath,

And even refine whilst consuming.

Ye will find that, when clouds which conceal her unfold,

She hath fled in her rich robes of burning!

But glean from the smouldering pile and when cold
Give the ashes a splendid inurning!

And oft as the evening star chastens the blush
Of sunset that brightens beneath her,

Ye will deem it her heart, which its soft fires flush,

That palpitates in the pure ether!

William Gibbon,, U. S. N.

The Due De L'Omelette.

And stepped at once into a cooler clime.—Cowper.

Keats fell by a criticism. Who was it died of “The
Andromache?"*  Ignoble souls!—De L’Omelette perish-
ed of an ortolan. L'histoire en est brère. Assist me, Spi-
rit of Apicius!

A golden cage bore the little winged wanderer, ena-
mored, melting, indolent, to the Chaussée D'Antin, from
its home in far Peru. From its queenly possessor La Bel-

• Montfleury. The author of the Parnasse Réformé makes him

thus speak in Hades:—“L'Komme done qui roudrait savoir ce dont

Je suis mart, qui'l ne demande pas si’l fut de fievrt ou de podagre

on d'autre chose, mais qu'il entende que ce fut de 'L'Andromache.’"

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

207

lissima, to the Due De L’Omelette, six peers of the em-
pire conveyed the happy bird.

That night the Due was to sup alone. In the privacy
of his bureau he reclined languidly on that ottoman, for
which he sacrificed his loyalty in outbidding his king,—
the notorious ottoman of Cadet.

He buries his face in the pillow. The clock strikes!
Unable to restrain his feelings, his Grace swallows an
olive. At this moment the door gently opens to the
sound of soft music, and lo! the most delicate of birds
is before the most enamored of men! But what inex-
pressible dismay now overshadows the countenance of

the Due ?—“Horreur!—chien!—Baptiste —I’oiseau!

ah, bon Dieu! cet oiseau modeste que tu as deshabillé de
ses plumes, et que tu as servi sans papier!" It is su-
perfluous to say more:—the Due expired in a paroxysm
of disgust. *	*	*	*	*

“Ha! ha! ha!”, said his Grace on the third day af-
ter his decease.

“He! he! he!”, replied the Devil faintly, drawing
himself up with an air of hauteur.

“Why, surely you are not serious,” retorted De L’Om-
elette. “I have sinned—c'est vrai—but, my good sir,
consider!—you have no actual intention of putting such
—such—barbarous threats into execution.”

“No what ?” said his majesty— "come, sir, strip!”

“Strip, indeed!—very pretty i’ faith!—no, sir, I shall
not strip. Who are you, pray, that I, Due De L’Ome-
lette, Prince de Foie-Gras, just come of age, author of
the ‘Mazurkiad,’ and Member of the Academy, should
divest myself at your bidding of the sweetest pantaloons
ever made by Bourdon, the daintiest robe-de-chambre ev-
er put together byRombert—to say nothing of the taking
my hair out of paper—not to mention the trouble I should
have in drawing off my gloves?”

“Who am I?—ah, true! I am Baal-Zebub, Prince of
the Fly. I took thee, just now, from a rose-wood coffin
inlaid with ivory. Thou wast curiously scented, and la-
belled as per invoice. Belial sent thee,—my Inspector
of Cemeteries. The pantaloons, which thou sayest were
made by Bourdon, are an excellent pair of linen draw-
ers, and thy robe-de-chambre is a shroud of no scanty di-
mensions.”

“Sir!” replied the Due, “I am not to be insulted with
impunity!—Sir! I shall take the earliest opportunity of
avenging this insult!—Sir! you shall hear from me! In
the meantime au revoir!”—and the Due was bowing
himself out of the Satanic presence, when he was inter-
rupted and brought back by a gentleman in waiting.—

Hereupon his Grace rubbed his eyes, yawned, shrugged
his shoulders, reflected. Having become satisfied of his
identity, he took a bird’s eye view of his whereabouts.

The apartment was superb. Even De L’Omelette pro-
nounced it bien comme il faut. It was not its length nor
its breadth,—but its height—ah, that was appalling!—
There was no ceiling—certainly none—but a dense whirl-
ing inass of fiery-colored clouds. His Grace’s brain reel-
ed as he glanced upwards. From above, hung a chain
of an unknown blood-red metal—its upper end lost, like
the city of Boston, parmi let nues. From its nether ex-
tremity swung a large cresset. The Due knew it to be a
ruby; but from it there poured a light so intense, so still,
to terrible, Persia never worshipped such—Gheber never
imagined such—Mussulman never dreamed of such when,
drugged with opium, he has tottered to a bed of poppies,
his back to the flowers, and his face to the God Apollo.
The Due muttered a slight oath, decidedly approbatory.

The corners of the room were rounded into niches.—
Three of these were filled with statues of gigantic pro-
portions. Their beauty was Grecian, their deformity
Egyptian, their tout ensemble French. In the fourth
niche the statue was veiled; it was not colossal. But
then there was a taper ankle, a sandalled foot. De L’Om-
elette pressed his hand upon his heart, closed his eyes,
raised them, and caught his Satanic Majesty—in a blush.

But the paintings!—Kupris! Astarte! Astoreth!—a
thousand and the same! And Rafaelle has beheld them!

Yes, Rafaelle has been here; for did he not paint the——?

and was he not consequently damned? The paintings!
—the paintings! O luxury! 0 love!—who, gazing on
those forbidden beauties, shall have eyes for the dainty
devices of the golden frames that besprinkle, like stars,
the hyacinth and the porphyry walls?

But the Due’s heart is fainting within him. He is not,
however, as you suppose, dizzy with magnificence, nor
drunk with the ecstatic breath of those innumerable
censers. C'est vrai que de toutes ces choses il a pense
beaucoup—mais! The Due De L’Omelette is terror-
stricken; for, through the lurid vista which a single un-
curtained window is affording, lo! gleams the most
ghastly of all fires!

Le pauvre Duc! He could not help imagining that
the glorious, the voluptuous, the never-dying melodies
which pervaded that hall, as they passed filtered and
transmuted through the alchemy of the enchanted win-
dow-panes, were the wailings and the howlings of the
hopeless and the damned! And there, too !—there!—
upon that ottoman!—who could he be?—he, the petil-
maitre—no, the Deity—who sat as if carved in marble,
et qui sourit, with his pale countenance, si amérement?

Mats il faut agir,—that is to say, a Frenchman never
faints outright. Besides, his Grace hated a scene—De
L’Omelette is himself again. There were some foils
upon a table—some points also. The Due had studied

under B——; il avail tue ses six homines. Now, then,

il peut s'échapper. He measures two points, and, with
a grace inimitable, offers his majesty the choice, Hor-
reur! his Majesty does not fence!

Mats tl joue!—how happy a thought!—but his Grace
had always an excellent memory. He had dipped in the
“ Diable” of the Abbe Gualtier. Therein it is said “que
le Diable n’ose pas refuser un jeu d'écarte."

But the chances—the chances! True—desperate: but
scarcely more desperate than the Due. Besides, was he
not in the secret?—had he not skimmed over Père Le
Bran?—was he not a member of the Club Vingt-un?—
“Si je perds," said he, “je serai deux fois perdu—I
shall be doubly damned—votla tout! (Here his Grace
shrugged his shoulders) Si je gagne, je reviendrai à
mes ortolans—que les cartes soient préparées!”

His Grace was all care, all attention—his Majesty all
confidence. A spectator would have thought of Francis
and Charles. His Grace thought of his game. His Ma-
jesty did not think; he shuffled. The Duc cut.

The cards are dealt. The trump is turned—it is—it
is—the king! No—it was the queen. His Majesty curs-

ed her masculine habiliments. De L’Omelette placed
his hand upon his heart.

They play. The Duc counts. The hand is out. His
Majesty counts heavily, smiles, and is taking wine. The
Due slips a card.

"C'est à rous à faire," said his Majesty, cutting. His
Grace bowed, dealt, and arose from the table en presen-
tant le Roi.

2o8

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

His Majesty looked chagrined.

Had Alexander not been Alexander, he would have
been Diogenes; and the Duc assured his antagonist in ta-
king leave, “que s'il n'eut pas été Be L’Omelette il n'au-
rait point d’objection d’etre le Diable."

Littleton Barry.

To Constance.

Forgive me, Lady, if I bring to bear
Upon my case, a fable of old times;

Since Poesie did ne’er such beauty wear
As in the breathing of those antique rhymes.

Love was Ideal then, and Fancy dress’d,

Some mortal form in attributes divine;

She was the Deity all men confessed,

And bowed down soul and reason at her shrine.

Where shall we find such passion now? ah! where?
Are not those vain, though sweet, delusive lays?

Love and Romance grow strangers year by year,

’Till rare their meeting in these actual days.

But sometimes there is found amidst the throng
A being aged in care, with heart still young,

Who still finds truth in the wild dreamer’s song,

Like ivy, clinging, where in youth he clung.

These are but few, yet rarer still we find

The God-like cause, that makes such thoughts to be;

I might have liqed and perished cold and blind
To all such bliss, had it not been for thee.

FABLE.

“Thou art, like me, but common earth—then why
Shouldst thou so rich in rarest odors be?”

This was the modest and the wise reply:—

“I nursed the Rose—its sweetness lives with me!”

So I, who am but common clay, have caught
From thy bright Presence some of its pure light;

As great a change is in my being wrought,

As brings the sun to the down-winged night.

I am of thee poor counterfeit, alas!

Grafting thy virtues on a worthless tree;

Yet from my heart their glory shall not pass,

But hallow, like the Rose, their sanctuary.	w.

The Falling Star.

It was deep midnight, and no moon shone, but the thou-
sand stars of heaven looked down upon the sleeping
earth, and kept their watch for her. A fair girl knelt by 
the bed of the dying minstrel—she was his sister. She
had tended him for many days with an untiring love—she
would not that an alien eye should catch his latest look,
or menial hand minister to his latest earthly want. For
many hours she had not left his side, but kneeling there,
with one hand clasped in her upraised hands, she gazed
alternately from him to the vast heaven, searching its
inmost depths with an untiring ken, as if she would tear
from out its mystic heart the secret of a fate so interwoven
with hers. But no sign came, and she turned and wept.
Oh! the deep agony of that young heart! It was an un-
alloyed sorrow, which admitted of no earthly consola-
tion. They were alone—these two young hearts—and
other tie had none. All they had loved were in the
grave, and they awoke one day as from a trance, and
looked around and cried out for a friend, but they found
none, and from that day they were one heart. They were
both beautiful, and genius had been their heritage, and
grew alike in both, only that hers was much less bold
than His, for that it had received its tone from her sweet

gentleness, mixed with deep reverence for his more rea-
soning mind—as the gazer on water sees some bright star
reflected on its bosom, and sees they are alike, save that
the image is more shadowy, which is but caused by the
properties of that in which it shows. So wrapt were
they in each other, that the outer world had no charm for
them, saving its humanities; the follies of fashion and
the frivolities of life were unknown to them. They had
drawn around them a magic circle, in which nought save
what was bright and beautiful dare enter. Day after day
did they gather wisdom from the pages of the mighty
dead, and as the old world opened to their ardent minds,
the present faded as a dream. They loved to dwell upon
some tale of rare affection, of deep devotion, or self-im-
molation at the shrine of duty—instances of which the
Past has in perfection, gilded perhaps by the romance a
lapse of time never fails to bestow, but still unaffectedly
human. And when they rose from their labor of love,
they felt the deep effect which lessons of exalted virtue
ever impress on reflecting minds. They impart a dig-
nity to life which is unobserved in the every-day world,
and link the heart to its kind by the noblest sentiments
that nature can evince. They were the Philanthropists
of the closet, unbounded in their sympathy, but from their
sensibility and refinement, all unfit to mingle with the
coarser spirits of the world. What excited their benevo-
lence in a mass would most probably cause disgust in the
individual, and they would turn away heart-sick to find
the world not what they thought it. They would mourn
for the suffering million, but the leprous wretch in the
filthy hovel would be a loathed and hideous object in their
eyes. Such is the difference between the theoretical and
the practical Christian—the one refines and gives out
Utopian theories to the world, which never are adopted,
benefitting no one, though not the less noble in their aim,
—the other seeks out Misery in its home, and bars out
hungering Famine from the starving wretch; and though
the means of assistance may be small, the never-failing
font of Sympathy skins over the wounds it cannot radi-
cally heal. They saw that the world was beautiful, and
were content to breathe the odor of its flowers, without
distilling the poison from their hearts. They were dream-
ers, and had they been separate, such feelings would
have craved the sympathy of some kindred heart, and
they might have loved; but they were all in all to each
other; their feelings were so knit, so interwoven, that
the approach of any other sentiment seemed to threaten a
disruption of the tie, and they sensitively and gladly
shrank back into the gentle and unreserved commune of
their own pure thoughts. They were orphans, and friend-
less,—they were alone, and loving! And now the sister
knelt by the side of her dying brother! That was her
grief;—for him her tears flowed fast, and the visible si-
lence was broken by deep and fervent prayers. But the
fever raged with unabated violence,—he muttered wild
words, which conjured up the vision of a thousand hap-
py hours, and caused a fresh burst of grief from the
spirit-broken girl. The malady was evidently approach-
ing its crisis; every moment the stillness became more
awful. She longed to call for some one to share her
watch, yet could not for a moment tear herself from the
couch. He had breathed hardly until now, but now she
missed the sound—it had sunk to a child’s breathing—
and faint and frequent throbbed the pulses at his heart:—
the eye which had been glaring and restless became fix-
ed;—she longed to scream, but the voice seemed frozen
at her heart, More feebly still he breathed; an expres-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

209

sion of agony was on his brow; his hand relaxed its
grasp, and with one deep sigh his features faded into a
quiet smile; his spirit seemed to have left its earthly
home! Throwing her despairing eyes to heaven, she
shrieked, “Oh, God, have mercy!”—And a bright star
fell!

But he recovered, and a week hence was seated on a
couch, with that fair girl nestling at his feet. *	*	*

****	*	*	*	* * I "have been a grievous

trouble to thee, Marian! Thine eye is as bright, thy
smile as sweet, but thy cheek is pale, and thy hands have
shrunk to thinness. And I fear that in my sadness, I may
have spoken harsh words to thee, or have been wilful and
fretful, or wishful and exacting; but now I crave your
pardon, dearest, and throw myself upon your love for your
forgiveness." “Hush! hush!” said Marian, as she placed
her hand upon his mouth—“dear Ernest, most wrongfully
do you accuse yourself;—both gentle and patient were
you during all your sufferings; no murmur fell from your
lips; no repining—no impatience—and every office I per-
formed for you was more than repaid by the look of love
and thankfulness with which it was received.” “But—”
“Nay, hear me. If I have lost the ruddiness of health
from off my cheek and its fullness from my form, it was
not caused by watching and waiting upon your couch,
but by the ever present fear that you might be taken from
me. It tortured me through the day, and affrighted me
in the night. I could not fly from the thought. I read it
in the setting sun—in the flickering taper—and as the
stars came out, and faded as the night wore on, each
seemed to bear upon it a ray of mystic recognition of
your embodied spirit.” “I have but faint remembrance
of the past. I know the days—though cheered by sight
of you—seemed endless.” “’Twas strange, too, Earnest;
throughout the day you would appear strangely unset-
tied; a feverish restlessness seemed to pervade your j
frame; but as the night came on this was superseded by
a calmness, trance-like, nay, almost deathly, that made
my blood stagnate in every vein—at those times, with a
a philosophy which failed me utterly in the day, I would
speculate upon the possibility of your death—and all at
once I seemed to cease to be a being of the earth—the
mystic line was spoken, and my mind was cognizant of
the immaterial elements. Countless bright shapes peo-
pled the circumambient air—if shapes they could be call-
ed that were without a form or substance. I was in the
heart of Nature, and I saw how the progress of decay
was but a preface to another birth—a state of being in
which soul was all—I was conscious of an elevation of
mind, an expansion of intellect, which rendered the deep-
sought, stored-up knowledge of a thousand generations
of men, but as a grain of sand to the earth’s gross bulk—
and I saw that those of earth who approached nearest
to the imagination of a state of being which in truth
surpasses all that the powers of imagination can con-
jure up, were those who in the earnestness of a benefi-
cent nature sought out the Humanities from Wisdom’s
page, and blending both, saw nature through the heart
and mind—neither with the misjudging warmth of the
enthusiast, nor the fact-deducing coldness of the philo-
sopher—but offering at her shrine the uttermost attain-
able refinement of intellect, warmed by the Spirit of an-
gelic Love! I saw through the world, man yearning un-
ceasingly to rise, the soul warring with its human-be-
ing clay, and striving ever to sever from it—the pale
student in his midnight study, burying the recollection
of the miseries of the by-gone day, forgetting the want

of friends, the cold repulse, the unappreciation, the
want of sympathy, the hungering morrow, in his ab-
sorbing loye of the truth—the haughty statesman retir-
ing from the admiring crowd, and seeking consolation
in seclusion from those aspiring but baseless hopes that
sought to raise the herd from its desperate besotted
state,—repaid by revilement, scorn, and disbelief, by
that very class he sought to benefit;—and, seeking in that
solitude deep commune with his own heart, he sought to
work out, from the philosophy of the past and the sad
experience of the present, a state of mind in which the
desire of dispensing happiness should be of itself suffi-
cient compensation apart and independent of the recep-
tion of the benefit by the object of it. Thus deeply pon-
dering and in secret, the quiet came upon his soul and
he became of us. I cannot describe to you the nameless
feeling that possessed me at those times—there was a
consciousness of existence, without its cares; of know-
ledge without the blindness of prejudice which ever ac-
companies our earthly wisdom. I felt that I was apart
from the world, yet of it; for that sympathy which per-
vades all nature, which binds heart to heart, and is the
medium through which human sensations and affections
are felt alike and conveyed throughout the universe now
and forever, was acting upon my spirit with a mighty
force; my nature was etherealized, and I was in an im-
palpable though sentient link of that wondrous harmoni-
zer of creation, Sympathy or Love! And you were there,
my brother;—our spirits met in that bright star with
which we have so oft imagined that our fates were inse-
parably connected.”

“Stay, Marian, dearest, thou dost remember me, that
as I lay upon my bed of sickness, I had a dream of a
most terrible and strange import. I know that for days
I lay unconscious of all, save of an intolerable and ra-
ging fever, that seemed to dry up all moisture in my
blood and brain. I seemed to breathe hot air, which, in
its passage, dried up my tongue, and parched and crack-
ed my livid lips. Day and night revolved, but Time
seemed to have stayed its course. Each day, as it broke,
brought with it an increasing but nameless terror, which,
ever and anon, like unto ice-strings made each trembling
nerve; and, though the fury of a thousand fires leaped
through each vein, my heart felt chill. On that night
which caused thee so much terror, this harassing feeling
was upon me, and grappled me with a giant’s hand; nor
could I fortify myself against it, for my mind seemed to
have lost the power of connecting ideas of any kind;—all
was vagueness and dread. As the night wore on, the in-
creasing stillness added a new terror to my mind. Me-
thought I lay chained and immovable in the midst of a
vast sandy plain, over which the hot sun was vertical—
throughout the day, from morn till night, he poured his
fierce beams upon my seething skin, until I felt it crack
and gape like the parched earth; and when the sun had
set, the moon’s rays and the beams of the golden stars
seemed to have fire that scorched my brain to madness.
There was no rest for me, night nor day—my fevered
tongue could not give out my agony. And I was alone in
my suffering—when suddenly a mighty form approached.
It was of a grave but beautiful aspect—and on its brow
there was a calm that chilled at once my burning blood.
It seemed as if it had never known a youth, nor could
know age—it was not the calm of thought, nor the pas-
siveness of overwhelming grief, but I felt at once that it
was the cold, eternal calm of Death. Nearer it came on,
and my soul recoiled at its approach. Nearer, still near-

210

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

er—it had gained my feet, when in a moment the cells of
memory gave up their treasured store. Father, mother,
friends came flocking around me—our happy home and
childish sports; each happy hour, that in its passage bore
a pleasant thought; snatches of old wild melodies, and
all the thousand things that endeared and made a joy of
life, rushed forth to keep the dreaded terror off,—but in
vain! It paused not in its career—it raised its hands
above me—a cold sweat stood upon my brow—I strove to
speak, but no sound came forth—and struggled to arise, 
but the mighty spell withheld me, and I was sinking fast, 
Slowly the withering hand descended towards my heart, 
—already did I feel its grasp stilling the pulse of life,— 
my soul paused, wavering, ere it took its flight, when on 
the still night air the deep and fervent prayers of thy in-
nocent heart arose, and from the orbed heaven rushed
forth a radiant form, and stood between me and my dread-
ed foe”—

“My brother! I saw that star fall!"

Henry C. Watson.

Critical Notices.

The Broken Vow and Other Poems. By Amanda M. Ed-
mond. Boston: Gould, Kendall if Lincoln.

An octavo of more than 320 pages, beautifully printed
on fine paper, “embellished” with six expensive steel en-
gravings (including a portrait of the authoress,) and
showily as well as substantially bound.

The name—Amanda-M. Edmond—is quite unknown to
us: although if we may judge from the number of poems
contained in the volume (110) the fair poetess must have
been for several years before the public. Perhaps, how- 
ever, she may have employed a nom-de-plume, or written 
altogether anonymously. We do not remember having
before seen any one poem of the collection. They are by
no means impressive. The subjects, generally, are such
as find favor in boarding-schools. Many of the pieces
are on abolition topics. Some of them, from their charac-
ter, have no right to the title of poem, and should not
have been included in the volume: we refer to such
things as “Washing-Day” and “Illi cui Carmina appli-
cent"—mere doggrel. In the minor merits Miss Edmond
is not particularly deficient. Her English, her versifica-
tion, and her imagery, are at least respectable—but in
the virtues of the Muse—in the loftier and distinctive at-
tributes, we are pained to say that she is totally want-
ing. We look in vain throughout her volume for one
spark of poetic fire. In justice, we cull what we con-
sider the best specimen of her powers:

THE MOON.

Beautiful moon! oh, how I love to hail
Thy glorious coming in the eastern sky,

When starry gems along thy pathway lie,

Trembling and turning in thy presence pale;

Brightest adorner of Night’s pensive brow,

Fairest of all her radiant jewels, tbou!

Wreathing with light the fleecy cloud that veils
With its thin mantle, for a little space,

The full-orbed lustre of thy beaming face—

Casting thy splendor on the sleeping dales,

Fields, woods and waters that beneath thee rest,

With Night’s dark shadows on thy peaceful breast—

Oh, I do love thee! but the most, sweet moon,

In the still hour of midnight’s sacred noon;

Calm then are spirits that with day have striven,

And Earth's repose seems kin to that of Heaven!

We have said that the English of Miss Edmond is ge- 

nerally respectable; but in the very first sentence of the
Preface there is an ambiguity which, in a second edition,
should be cleared up. “A poetical contribution” says
the poetess, “offered to the public, presupposes in the
author the existence of the true spirit of song.” Now a
poetical contribution, so offered, presupposes in the au-
thor only about the ten thousandth part of what Miss Ed-
mond (no doubt through mere grammatical inadvertence)
has maintained it to presuppose. The “poetical contri-
bution” presupposes in the author not the existence but
the conviction of the existence, of “the true spirit of
song”—and here there is about the same difference as
between Peter Schlemil and his Shadow.

Oracles from the Poets: A Fanciful Diversion for the

Drawing-Room. By Caroline Grilman. New-York:

Wiley if Putnam.

This is the third edition of a book which has been ex-
ceedingly popular, and justly so. Nothing could be bet-
ter adapted for the amusement of an evening party.—
The game is composed of fourteen questions with sixty
answers each, numbered. The Oracle, for example, de-
mands of a gentleman—“What is the personal appear-
ance of her who loves you ?” The gentleman answers
with any number from 1 to 60—say 20. Turning to 20,
the oracle reads as follows, from Washington Allston:
Every thought and feeling throw
Their shadows o’er her face,

And so are every thought and feeling joined,

’Twere hard to answer whether thought or mind
Of either were the native place.

The volume is beautifully printed and bound, and forms
a most appropriate present.

 Wiley if Putnam's Library if Choice Reading. No.

XXV. Table-Talk. By William Hazlitt. Second
 Series Part I.

Of the first series of the Table-Talk we spoke so fully
in a previous number, that it will be needless to say any-
thing of the second—which is, of course, a continuation.

In lieu of any comments from ourselves, therefore, we
 make a quotation of some length, on a topic of deep in-
terest treated as only Hazlitt could treat it:

Capacity is not the same thing as genius. Capacity may be
described to relate to the quantity of knowledge, however acquired;
genius to its quality and the mode of acquiring it. Capacity is
a power over given ideas or combinations of ideas; genius is the
power over those which are not given, and for which no obvious
or precise rule can be laid down. Or capacity is power of any
sort: genius is power of a different sort from what has yet been
shown. A retentive memory, a clear understanding is capacity,
but it is not genius. The admirable Crichton was a person of pro-
digious capacity; but there is no proof (that I know of) that he
had an atom of genius. His verses that remain are dull and ster-
ile. He could learn all that was known or any subject; he could
do anything if others could show him the way to do it. This was
very wonderful; but that is all you can say of it. It requires a
good capacity to play well at chess ; but alter all, it is a game of
skill, and not of genius. Know what you will of it, the under-

 standing still moves in certain tracks in which others have trod
before it, quicker or slower, with more or less comprehension and
presence of mind. The greatest skill strikes out nothing for itself,
from its own peculiar resources; the nature of the game is a thing
determinate and fixed; there is no royal or poetical road to check-
mate your adversary. There is no place for genius but in the in-
definite and unknown. The discovery of the binomial theorem
was an effort of genius: but there was none shown in Jedediah
 Buxton’s being able to multiply 9 figures by 9 in his head. If he
could have multiplied 90 figures by 90 instead of nine, it would

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

211

have been equally useless toil and trouble.* He is a man of ca-
pacity who possesses considerable intellectual riches: he is a man
of genius who finds out a vein of new ore. Originality is the
seeing nature different from all others, and yet as it is in itself.
It is not singularity or affectation, but the discovery of new and
valuable truth. All the world do not see the whole meaning of
any object they have been looking at. Habit blinds them to some
things; short-sightedness to others. Every mind is not a guage
and measure of truth. Nature has her surface and her dark re-
cesses. She is deep, obscure, and infinite. It is only minds on
whom she makes her fullest impressions that can penetrate her
shrine or unveil her Holy of Holies. It is only those whom she
has filled with her spirit that have the boldness or the power to re-
veal her mysteries to others. But nature has a thousand aspects,
and one man can only draw out one of them. Whoever does this,
is a man of genius. One displays her force, another her refine-
ment, one her power of harmony, another her suddenness of con-
trast, one her beauty of form, another her splendor of color. Each
does that for which he is best fitted by his particular genius, that
is to say, by some quality of mind into which the quality of the
object sinks deepest, where it finds the most cordial welcome, is
perceived to its utmost extent, and where again it forces its way
out from the fulness with which it has taken possession of the
mind of the student. The imagination gives out what it has first
absorbed by congeniality of temperament, what it has attracted
and moulded into itself by elective affinity, as the loadstone draws
and impregnates iron. A little originality is more esteemed and
sought for than the greatest acquired talent, because it throws a
new light upon things, and is peculiar to the individual. The
other is common; and may be had for the asking, to any
amount.

The value of any work is to be judged of by the quantity of
originality contained in it. A very ltttle of this will go a great
way. If Goldsmith had never written anything but the two or
three first chapters of the Vicar of Wakefield, or the character of
a Village Schoolmaster, they would have stamped him a man of
genius. The Editors of Encyclopedias are not usually reckoned
the first literary characters of the age. The works, of which they
have the management, contain a great deal of knowledge, like
chests or warehouses, but the goods are not their own. We should
as soon think of admiring the shelves of a library; but the shelves
of a library are both useful and respectable. I was once applied
to in a delicate emergency, to write an article on a difficult subject
for an Encyclopedia, and was advised to take time and give it a
systematic and scientific form, to avail myself of all the knowledge
that was to be obtained on the subject, and arrange it with clear-
ness and method. I made answer that as to the first, I had taken
time to do all that I ever pretended to do, as I had thought inces-
santly on difierent matters for twenty years of my life; that I had
no particular knowledge of the subject in question, and no head
for arrangement; and that the utmost I could do in such a case
would be, when a systematic and scientific article was prepared, to
write marginal notes upon it, to insert a remark or illustration of
ray own (not to be found in former Encyclopedias) or to suggest a
better definition than had been offered in the text. There are two
sorts of writing. The first is compilation; and consists in collect-
ing and stating all that is already known of any question
in the best possible manner, for the benefit of the uninformed

*The only good thing I ever heard come of this singular man’s
faculty of memory was the following. A gentleman was mention-
ing his having been sent up to London from where he lived to see
Garrick act. When he went back into the country, he was asked
what he thought of the player and the play. “Oh!” he said, “he
did not know; he had only seen a little man strut about the stage,
and repeat 7956 words.” We all laughed at this, but a person in
one corner of the room, holding one hand to his forehead, and
seemingly mightily delighted, called out, “Ay, indeed! And
Pray, was he found to be correct?” This was the supererogation
of literal matter-of-fact curiosity. Jedediah Buxton’s counting the
number of words was idle enough; but here was a fellow who
wanted some one to count them over again to see that he was cor-
rect.

“The force of dulness could no farther go!"

Sir Joshua Reynolds being asked how long it had taken him to
do a certain picture, made answer, “All his life.”

reader. An author of this class is a very learned amanuensis of
other people’s thoughts. The second sort proceeds on an entirely
different principle. Instead of bringing down the account of
knowledge to the point at which it has already arrived, it pro-
fesses to start from that point on the strength of the writer’s in-
dividual reflections; and supposing the reader in possession of
what is already known, supplies deficiencies, fills up certain
blanks, and quits the beaten road in search of new tracts of obser-
vation or sources of feeling. It is in vain to object to this last
style that it is disjointed, disproportioned, and irregular: It is
merely a set of additions and corrections to other men’s works, or
to the common stock of human knowledge, printed separately.
You might as well expect reasoning in the notes to a book. It
skips all the trite, intermediate, level common-places of the subject,
and only stops at the difficult passages of the human mind, or
touches on some striking point that has been overlooked in pre-
vious editions. A view of a subject, to be connected and regular,
cannot be all new. A writer will always be liable to be charged
either with paradox or common-place, either with dulness or affec-
tation. But we have no right to demand from any one more than
he pretends to. There is indeed a medium in all things, but to
unite opposite excellences is a task ordinarily too hard for mortal-
ity. The man who succeeds in what he aims at, or who takes
the lead in any one mode or path of excellence, may think himself
very well off. It would not be fair to complain of the style of an
Encyclopedia as dull, as wanting volatile salt; nor of the style of
an Essay because it is too light and sparkling, because it is not a
caput mortuvm. So it is rather an odd objection to a work that it is
made up entirely of “brilliant passages”—at least it is a fault that
can be found with few works, and the book might be pardoned for
its singularity. The censure might indeed seem like adroit flat-
tery, if it were not passed on an author whom any objection is suf-
ficient to render unpopular and ridiculous. I grant it is best to
unite solidity with show, general information with particular in-
genuity. This is the pattern of a perfect style; but I myself do not
pretend to be a perfect writer. In fine, we do not banish light
French wines from our tables, or refuse to taste sparkling Cham-
pagne when we can get it, because it has not the body of Old Port.
Besides, I do not know that dulness is strength, or that an observa-
tion is slight, because it is striking. Mediocrity, insipidity, want
of character, is the great fault. Mediocribus esse poctis non Dii, non
homines, non concessére columna. Neither is this privilege allowed
to prose-writers in our time, any more than to poets formerly.

It is not then acuteness of organs or extent of capacity that con-
stitutes rare genius, or produces the most exquisite models of art,
but an intense sympathy with some one beauty or distinguished
characteristic in nature. Irritability alone, or the interest taken
in certain things, may supply the place of genius in weak and
otherwise ordinary minds. As there are certain instruments fitted
to perform certain kinds of labor, there arc certain minds so framed
as to produce certain chéf-d'æuvres in art and literature, which is
surely the best use they can be put to. If a man had all sorts of
instruments in his shop, and wanted one, he would rather have
that one than be supplied with a double set of all the others. It
he had them all twice over, he could only do what he can do as it
is, whereas without that one perhaps he cannot finish any one work
he has in hand. So if a man can do one thing better than any
body else, the value of this one thing is what he must stand or fall
by, and his being able to do a hundred other things merely as well
as any body else, would not alter the sentence or add to his respec-
tability; on the contrary, his being able to do so many other things
well would probably interfere with and encumber him in the exe-
cution of the only thing that others cannot do as well as he, and so
far be a drawback and a disadvantage. More people in fact fail
from a multiplicity of talents and pretensions, than from an abso-
lute poverty of resources. I have given instances of this else-
where Perhaps Shakspeare’s tragedies would in some respects
have been better, if he had never written comedies at all; and
in that case his comedies might well have been spared, though
they might have cost us some regret. Racine, it is said, might
have rivalled Molière in comedy; but he gave up the cultivation
of his comic talents to devote himself wholly to the tragic Muse.—

212

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

If, as the French tell us, he in consequence attained to the perfec-
tion of tragic composition, this was better than writing comedies
as well as Molière and tragedies as well as Crebrillon. Yet I count
those persons tools, who think it a pity that Hogarth did not suc-
ceed better in serious subjects. The division of labor is an excel-
lent principle in taste as well as mechanics. Without this, I find
by Adam Smith, we could not have a pin made to the degree of
perfection it is. We do not, on any rational scheme of criticism,
inquire into the variety of a man’s excellences, or the number of
his works, or his facility of production. Venice Preserved is suf-
ficient tor Otway’s fame. I hate all those nonsensical stories about
Lopez de Vega, and his writing a play in the morning before
breakfast. He had time enough to do it alter. If a man leaves
behind him any work which is a model in its kind, we have no
right to ask whether he could do any thing else, or how he did it,
or how long he was about it. All that talent which is not necessa-
ry to the actual quantity of excellence existing in the world, loses
its object, is so much waste talent, or talent to let. I heard a sensi-
ble man say, he should like to do some one thing better than all
the rest of the world. Why should a man do more than his part?
The rest is vanity and vexation of spirit. We look with jealous
and grudging eye at all those qualifications which are not essen-
tial; first because they are superfluous, and next, because we sus-
pect they will be prejudicial. Why does Mr. Kean play all those
harlequin tricks of singing, dancing, fencing, &c.? They say, “It
is for his benefit.” It is not for his reputation. Garrick, indeed,
shone equally as well in comedy and tragedy. But he was first,
not second-rate in both. There is not a greater impertinence than
to ask if a man is clever out of his profession. I have heard of
people trying to cross examine Mrs. Siddons. I would as soon try
to entrap one of the Elgin Marbles into an argument. Good nature
and common sense are required from all people; but one proud
distinction is enough for any one individual to possess or to aspire
to!

Of course we admire all this—it is pointedly put—but
we assent to only about one half of it.

History of the War in France and Belgium, in 1815;
Containing Minute Details of Quatre-Bras, Ligny,
Wavre, and Waterloo. By Captain W. Siborne, Sec-
retary and Adjutant of the Royal Military Asylum;
constructor of the “Waterloo Model” first Amer-
ican from the Second London edition. With Plans of
the Battles and Maps. Philadelphia: Lea and Blan-
chard.

A beantifully printed volume of nearly 650 pages.
Captain Siborne, it is well understood, had access, through
his staff appointment, as well as through private inter-
est, to the most authentic sources of information, and his
work was looked for with the greatest interest in Eng-
land, as one that would settle a great many disputed
points in reference to the Waterloo campaigns. Since
the issue of the book, much has been said against it—
but a very great deal more in its favor, and we ure in-
clined to side with its supporters. An unmistakeable
air of candor pervades every page, and the accuracy of
detail seems to be self-demonstrated. The manner is ex-
ceedingly good.

Historical Sketch of the Second War between the United
States of America and Great Britain, declared by Act
of Congress, the 18M of June 1812, and Concluded by
Peace, the 15th of February 1815. fly Charles J. In-
gersoll. In Three Volumes. Vol. I. Embracing the
Events of 1812-13. Philadelphia: Lea aud Blan-
chard.

A volume of more than 500 pages octavo. It is rather
a series of vivid pictures on the subject of the late War,
than an Historical Sketch of it. Force and novelty
abound, and we are never permitted to doubt the honesty
of the narration, but there is a slight tinge of the whim-
sical about the book which may operate, in the first in-

stance, to prevent a very general appreciation of its mer-
its—which are undoubtedly great. By way of exemplifi-
ing our meaning we quote a brief passage from an account
of Timothy Pickering.

His reputation was that ot a consistent upright man, who lived
and died firm to the conviction he cherished; hard but honest.
On a great field day debate in 1841, on the Loan Bill, when the
House, in committee of the whole, gave six weeks to those speech-
es for political capital at home and abroad, which are among the
ways and means of free countries with a free press—much prefer-
able to more serious combats—Mr. Pickering, in the course of his
harangue, looking through his spectacles full in the chairman’s
face, said, with great emphasis, swinging his long arm aloft, that
he stood on a rock. “I stand on a rock’, said he “from which all
democracy”—then raising his voice and repeatrng it—“not all
democracy and hell to bool, can move me—the rock of integrity and
truth."

“These things are more honored in the breach than in
the observance”—by silence than by historical record.
The passage, too, will afford some idea of Mr. Inger-
soll’s style which, like Mr. Pickering’s character, is
“hard but honest”—as well as (more definitely) of his
mere English, which is loose and uncouth to a very rep-
rehensible degree. Take, for instance, the first para-
graph of the volume:

In this historical sketch I shall endeavor to submit the truth in
an account of the contest between Great Britain and the United
States of America, declared by Act of Congress, approved the 18th
of June, 1812. It enacted that war was already declared to exist
between the United Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, and
the Dependencies thereof, and the U. S. of America and their terri-
tories; and that the President of the U. S. was thereby authorized
to use the whole land and naval force of the U. S., to carry the
same into effect, and to issue to private armed vessels of the U, S.,
commissions, or letters of marque and general reprisal, in such
form as he should think proper, and under the seal of the U. S.
against the vessels, goods and effects of the government of the said
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland and the subjects
thereof.

Here a “contest” is “ declared.” Whether the “ there-
by” in “thereby unauthorized” refers to the territories,
the war, or the act, it is difficult to determine. “The
same” is equally ambiguous as regards its reference, and
it seems to be the “Seal of the U. S.” which is set
“against the vessels, goods and effects” off the British.
The whole paragraph is awkward in the extreme.

But happily the value of the book does not depend upon
trifles such as these. It gives a plain, discerning and evi-
dently faithful view of the events of the war, and will be
received with favor by all who are competent to decide
upon the worth of an historical treatise.

Ollendorf's New Method of learning to read, write,
and speak the German Language; to which is added
a Systematic Outline of the Different Parts of Speech,
their Inflection and Use, with full Paradigms and a
Complete Table of the Irregular Verbs. By J. G. Ad-
ler, A. B. New-York: D. Appleton& Co.

The New Method of Ollendorf affords, unquestiona-
bly, the best means of studying the German. In no oth-
er grammar do we obtain so much information, so lumi-
nously given. His great merit is that he does not plunge
in medias res res, but begins at the beginning. He presup-
poses no knowledge on the part of the beginner. Other
German grammarians take for granted, among other gra-
tuities, an intimate cognizance of the English. The
work before us is especially rich, too, in its system of
idiomatic instruction—and in every respect is invaluable.
We speak feelingly on this subject; for we have felt the

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

213

thousand difficulties and ambiguities of other grammars,
which have been written by good Germanists, certainly,

but, at the same time, by indifferent metaphysicians._

To instruct, demands a thorough metaphysical educa-
tion.

We shall speak of this volume at length hereafter.—
In the meantime we cordailly recommend it. It is ad-
mirably gotten up—printed with accuracy in large type,
and neatly bound.

Norman's New-Orleans and Environs: Containing a
Brief Historical Sketch of the Territory and State of
Louisiana, and the City of New-Orleans, from the
Earliest Period to the Present Time: Presenting a
Complete Guide to all Subjects of General Interest in
the Southern Metropolis, with a Correct and Improved
Plan of the City, Pictorial Illustrations of Public
Buildings, etc. etc. New-Orleans: B. B. Norman.

We give the full title to show the design of the work;
which is all that it professes to be—and a little more.—
A very excellent and satisfactory volume, of about 200
pages duodecimo, neatly bound. There is a fine steel
frontispiece of New-Orleans. Mr. Norman proposes to
issue, on the first of next month, a map of the city to
accompany the book now published.

The Prince and the Pedler. A Novel. By Miss Ellen
Pickering, Author of “Nan Darrell," etc. New-York:
E. Ferrett, & Co.

Miss Pickering has written some of the most praise-
worthy and popular novels of the day; and “The Prince
and the Pedler is one of her best.

The Modern Standard Drama. Edited by Epes Sargent,
New York: William Taylor, No. 2 Astor-House.

All play-goers and play-readers should be careful to
take this series, as it is issued. It is an exceedingly neat
and accurate one. We have seen nothing of the kind so
good. The plays already published are Ion, Fazio, The
Lady of Lyons, Richelieu, The Wife, and The Honey-
moon—the latter to be out this day, (Saturday). The edi-
tor’s well-known taste, especially in dramatic matters,
should answer for the fidelity and for the success of his
labors.

Pictorial History of the World. By John Frost, L. L.
D.. Philadelphia: Walker if Gillis. New-York: Wil-
liam H. Graham.

No. 9 is issued. To be completed in 30 numbers, at 25
cents.

The Knickerbocker for October is unusually good, but
we are too much pressed for space to do more, just now.
than recommend to the especial attention of our readers
the papet entitled “Who are our National Poets?”

The Westminster Review for September has been re-
printed by Messrs. Leonard Scott & Co., and contains its
usual amount of valuable matter:—among other things,
a review of Humboldt’s “Kosmos”—a review of “Sy-
bil”—and a paper on “Shaksperian Criticism and Act-
ing.”

______

The Southern Lit. Messenger for October contains a
very condemnatory and in our opinion a very just review
of “Poems by William W. Lord.”

The Democratic Review for October has a fine mezzo-
tint of Cave Johnson, and one of the most exciting stories
We ever read, “The Monomaniac,” by Mrs. E. F. Ellet.

Wiley & Putnam’s Library of American Books. No VI.
Wanderings of a Pilgrim under the Shadow of Mount
Blanc. By George B. Cheever, D. D.

History of France from the Earliest Period to the Pre-
sent Time. By M. Michlet, Professeur-suppléant à la
Faculté des Lettres, etc. Translated by G. H. Smith,
F. G. S. No. 5. New York: D Appleton dfCo.

A Cyclopedia of Several Thousand Practical Receipts,
etc. By Arnold James Cooley. No 5. New York: D.
Appleton & Co.

A Plea for Social and Popular Repose; Delivered be-
fore the Literary Societies of the University of the
City of New York. By D. D. Barnard.

The Songs of our Land, and other Poems. By Mary E.
Hewitt. Boston: William D. Ticknor & Co. For
sale by Langley.

We have received these five last publications at too
late a period to do more than announce them this week.
To Mrs. Hewitt’s beautiful book, in especial, we shall at-
tend very particularly in our next.

The Fine Arts.

National Gallery at the Rotunda.—We proceed
to picture No. seven, the second of the Series:—we
might say the second page of the History. In this it is
evident that society has already made great strides to-
wards civilization. The hunter has long passed away,

and the shepherd is making room for the husbandman.—

The locality is nearly, but not quite the same, as in the
last picture; we have still the “boulder” promontory in
the distance, but we have shifted our ground, and have
moved to the right, and further from the river. Before
us stands a group of glorious trees—primeval giants of
the forest—beneath whose mighty arms

The ground was never trenched by spade,

And flowers spring up unseen.

On the left rises a gentle hill, on which a ploughman is
seen driving his share into the mellow earth, while in
the middle distance on the bank of the river, stands an
eminence crowned with a Druid’s Temple. At the foot,
on a rock, we see a growing little town. White sails
are on the sea, an on the shore we see and antique ves-
sel on the stocks. Everything gives indication of an ac-
tive people, yet all are not busy with the ruder cares of
life, for the refining arts—Music and Painting—have al-
ready dawned. Beneath the shade of the mighty trees,
we see maidens wreathed with flowers, dancing gaily
and gracefully to the shepherd’s pipe, and on a huge
stone (a rustic bridge) in the foreground, an embryo
painter scrawls his first attempt at the pictorial art.—
Near him his mother plies the busy spindle, while seat-
ed close at hand, an old man traces in the dust a geomet-
rical figure, indicating the beginning of the abstruser
sciences.

The contemplation of this charming production carries
us back to our boyish dreams of rural felicity all is
beauty and joy, and but for the presence of an armed
man, passing through the ravine up to the front of the
picture, we might suppose it an illustration of the Poet’s
“Golden Age.”

The painter has chosen, with great propriety, the Dru-
idical circle, as the rude temple of the earliest worship-
pers, while the volumes of smoke which issue from it in-

214

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

dicate that living victims heap the altars of a sanguinary
God.

It were tedious to enumerate the thousand little objects
which attract our attention, and the many delicate tints,
of which words can convey no idea. As well might we
attempt to give a description of the exquisite transitions
of sound in a fine musical composition, as the delicate
gradations of color from the full green of the foreground,
to the faint blue haze of the distant landscape. We feel
that it would be almost hypercritical to pick out faults in
this composition, and yet the station we have assumed
calls upon us to display our judgment, by finding fault,
otherwise the public may conclude that we are no critics.
Well, gentle readers, we will make an effort to gratify
you, by wishing that the sheep in the middle ground
were of an “improved breed,” as they make the shep-
herd appear too tall.	w.

To all lovers of the true and beautiful in art we recom-
mend a visit to the Ivory Christ, brought from Italy by
C. Edwards Lester, our Consul at Genoa, and now being
exhibited in Broadway opposite the Park. This figure
(it cannot properly be called a statue) is the work of an
Italian Monk, an educated man, but with little knowl-
edge of art. A deep enthusiasm—an overwhelming pas-
sion to do justice to the intellectual and physical charac-
ter of the God-man, seems to have been in this case at
once the instigation and the instruction. The material
is the tusk of an antique elephant—a tusk of enormous
size. Much of it had to be cut away on account of its ca-
rious condition, and yet the figure is 32 inches long, (we
believe) and 8 inches broad through the shoulders:—all
this solid—the arms are wrought from separate pieces.

The first point noticeable in this Christ is the intellec-
tuality of its expression. All other representations of the
Saviour make him merely benevolent, dignified, meek,
self-sustained, and beautiful in feature. In this, mind—
genius—predominates. The whole face is eminently in-
tellectual.

The second thing to be observed is the absolute truth
of the entire design. The figure depends from the cross
precisely as the human form would depend under the cir-
cumstances. The moment chosen is that immediately
succeeding death. We are made to fancy that the last
sigh has just issued from his lips—on which is now fa-
ding a divine smile. We can see, nevertheless, that
the death has been agonizing. The contraction of
the muscles, more particularly about the calves, toes
and lumbar regions, are absolute in the truth of their
expression. In anatomy the whole figure is perfect. We
douht if a better model of the human frame is to be found
anywhere. The work altogether is of a very high order
of genius.

In our next we shall endeavor to do justice to the inimi-
table Sortie du Bain—De Kuyper’s—now to be seen at
the Society Library. We have no patience with those
who decry it.	P.

Musical Department. 

Trinity Church Organ.—Having been favored, by
the kindness of Richard Upjohn, Esq., the gifted architect
of Trinity Church, with an elegant drawing of the front
elevation of the new Organ which will shortly be erect-
ed in that noble edifice, we are enabled this week to af-
ford a similar gratification to our readers, by presenting
them with a fine engraving on steel of the same, execu-
ted by James Duthie.

In order to render this the more interesting and intelli-
gible, we have procured from Dr. Edward Hodges, who
first planned, and now has the oversight and superintend-
ence of the construction of the interior of the ponderous
instrument, the following particulars concerning its di-
mensions and intended contents.

Of the beautiful and appropriate design of the organ front and
subjacent screen, harmonizing as it does with the imposing effect
of the interior of the building, I need not say anything; the draw-
ing will speak for itself. The whole is to be of oak, and much of
it has already been executed in a most thoroughly substantial and
workmanlike manner.

The height of the screen to the level of the floor of the organ
loft is 14 feet 5 inches; above which the Organ will tower 38 feet
farther; making a total elevation of nearly 53 feet.

The width of the organ front is 24 feet, but as the floor will be
trussed out about 4 feet on each side as well as towards the nave,
the width of the organ-loft will be 34 feet—thus affording abund-
ant room for an effective choir, should it be finally resolved to place
the choir at that (the wrong) end of the church. This gallery or
organ-loft will be surrounded, on three sides, by latticed work to a
considerable altitude, as seen in the drawing.

The only way to give a just idea of the nature and extent of
an Organ, is by stating its leading divisions (e. g. an Organ of
two, three, or more ranks of keys,) enumerating the stops, and giv-
ing the magnitudes of the largest pipes connected with each de-
partment, to which all the rest are adjusted in a well known pro-
portional order. Simply to state the number of stops and the
number of pipes pertaining to each, can communicate no accu-
rate or satisfactory information; for, as the magnitudes in de-
scending the scale increase in geometrical progression, it may hap-
pen that a dozen pipes in one organ may require and occupy as
much room as a thousand pipes in another, or in another part of
the same instrument. We cannot estimate the power or effect of
an organ, therefore, by the number of its pipes; any more than
we could that of a ship of war merely by learning the number of
guns she carries, without ascertaining whether they are four
pounders or Paixhan sixty-fours. Suffice it then to add here, for
the sake of those who have no technical acquaintance with the
subject, that the lengths of the pipes intended for the Trinity or-
gan vary from nearly thirty feel to something less than an inch,
and the diameters from three feet to the size of a small goose-quill.

A custom has obtained amongst organists and organ-builders
of naming the pipes and the notes which bear the denomination
of the letter C in various octaves of the great scale, by the con-
venient designation of a round number of feet, not precisely accu-
rate as to the actual admeasurement, but near the truth. Thus we
speak of 2 feet C, of 4 feet C, See. (each octave doubling the fore-
going;) and when we come to the bottom, of 32 feet C, although,
it the pipe be of larger diameter it may not exceed 28 or 29 feet.
One cause of this has probably been the successive changes of
pitch, to accommodate modern orchestral instruments; which chan-
ges, until a very recent period, were invariably towards the shar-
per or more acute limit of the scale of musical sounds. And, of
course, organ-builders have been nothing loath to fall into the pre-
vailing fashion in (his respect, seeing that when the pitch had as-
cended but a single semitone (and it has been supposed to have
varied thrice as much,) it lessened the magnitude, the weight, and
the cost of any given instrument by at least as much as a twen-
tieth part of the whole. At present a check seems to have been
put upon this innovating tendency, and the pitch may be consider-
ed as settled. The public, however, ought to be made aware of the
fact that fraud can be practised in this particular, and that the pitch
of an organ is not an affair of so small consequence as some per-
sons would represent it to be.

There is deception of another species not seldom exercised with
regard to this complex instrument. Certain organ-builders, com-
ing to the knowledge of the fact that in the hands of ignorant and
unskilful organists, the note G G# in the extreme bass was seldom
put in requisition, affected to consider that note as useless, and so
omitted it; although, upon an ordinary G G organ this arrange-
ment excluded the largest pipe but one iu every stop. And this

The Organ of Trinity Church

New-York.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

215

practice (which originated, as candor requires me to confess, in
England,) has continued to our day. Many such organs are still
built, and advertised for sale—the compass being with audacious
effrontery stated to be from G G upwards, without any mention
tion made of this most important deficiency. But as long as good
people are satisfied to order and purchase organs without any re-
ference to persons competent to afford them professional advice on
the subject, they must remain content to be duped.

Thus much being premised, the following description may pos-
sibly become tolerably intelligible even to those who have not
been initiated in the mysteries of the organ-craft:

The Organ for Trinity Church, then, is to consist of four distinct
departments, having three ranks of manual keys, and one of pe-
dals, or keys for the feet. The manuals pertain to the Swell, the
Great Organ, and the Choir Organ, respectively. The Swell is an
organ of 4 ft.; (that, being, as before explained, the size of the
longest pipe); the Choir Organ, (seen in front, projecting from the
gallery,] an 8 ft. organ; the Great Organ, 16 ft.; the Pedal Organ,
32 ft.

Little more remains than to give an enumeration of the stops,
which are to be grouped right and left of the keys, as exhibited in
the following diagram.

1	Clarion.

2	Trumpet.

3	Hautboy.

4	Stopped Diapason.

5	Double Stopped Diapason.

6	Dulciana.

7	Open Diapason.

8	Principal.

left.            9 Cornet (5 ranks.)	right.

10 Great Organ and Swell at octaves.

Swell.        11 do. do. and do. at unison.                 Choir Organ.

12 Great Organ and Choir, do.	__ ____

1	13 Choir and Swell at octaves.

2	3	14	Pedals and Choir Organ.	24	23	26

15 Choir and Swell.

4	5	6	16	Pedals and Great Organ, 16 ft.	27	28

17 Do. and do.	8 ft. 

7	8	18 Pedals and Swell Bass.	Great Organ.

9            19 Pedals, 32 ft.	29	30

20 Pedals, 16 ft.

Couplers.	21	Double Diapason.	31	32	33

22 Bassoon (half stop.)

10	23 Clarionet (half stop.)	34	35

11	12      24 Stopped Diapason.	36	37	38

25 Dulciana.

13	14	15	26	Principal.	39	40

27 Flute.

16	17	28	Fifteenth.	           Swell Bass.

18	29	Trumpet.	40	42

30 Clarion.

19	20	31	Sesquialtera (3 ranks.)	Bellows.

32 Twelfth.

Pedals. 	33	Mixture (3 ranks.)	43

21	34	Fifteenth.

35	Large Flute.

36	Principal.

37	Stopped Diapason.

38	Principal.

39	Open Diapason.

40	Open Diapason.

41	Dulciana.

42	Serpent.

43	Wind.

The compass or extent of the organs, respectively, is as follows:
Of the Swell, four octaves and a half, or fifty-four keys; of the
Choir organ, the same, although at an octave lower pitch, the lat-
ter ending at fin alt., the other at f in altissimo; of the Great Or-
gan. five octaves and a half, or sixty-six keys; and of the Pedals,
‘wo octaves, or twenty-five keys. In connexion with this latter
department there is this peculiarity, that the stop consists of thirty-

seven pipes, and can be drawn so as to play two octaves from 32 ft.
C, or two octaves from 16 ft. upwards; or both together. The stops
called “Swell Bass” are also, properly speaking, pedal stops, al-
though they can be acted upon by the manual keys also, so as to
afford a great variety of effect.

The number of pipes can now be easily ascertained.

Swell,	13	ranks	of 54	pipes each,	-	-	702

Choir Organ, 6	“	of	54	“	“	-	-	324

Great Organ, 16	“	of	66	“	“	-	-	-	1056

Swell Bass, 2	“	of	25	“	“	-	-	-	50

Pedals, -	37

2169

The Swell is constructed upon the plan which I first introduced
in England about twenty years ago, and a full description of which
I drew up and published in the "(Quarterly Musical Magazine &
Review," vol. 8, No. xxxii., 1826. It may be briefly described as
resembling in principle the ordinary refrigerator. It consists of
three distinct boxes or cases, through each of which (when closed)
the sound has to pass ere it reaches (he ear. Thus the most deli-
cate effects, in the way of expression, are capable of being produ-
ced, by the gradual removal or interposition of obstacles to the
transmission of sound.

The Pedal keys likewise are as yet comparatively new in this
country, being of brass. These I likewise introduced in England a
year or two prior to my new swell, and described in No. xxxii of
the periodical just mentioned. They must gradually make their
way into extensive use, as they afford great facilities to the player,
enabling him to do a great deal more with one foot than wa3 before
at all practicable, and thus setting the other at liberty for the com-
mand of the swell.

The number of coupling stops in the organ is, I believe, almost
if not altogether unprecedented. They will conduce to almost in-
terminable varieties of combinations. It would be a wearisome
task to attempt to calculate them. There will, therefore, be great
room for the exhibition of taste and skill in their adaptation to spe-
cific purposes of accompaniment, &c.

Mr. Henry Erben is the contractor, and the work has already
made very considerable progress, nearly all the machinery of the
organ being in a state of forwardness, at his spacious and well-
furnished factory in Centre street. The workmen employed de-
serve great credit for the masterly manner in which they have ac-
quitted themselves hitherto in the construction of this unique in-
strument; and if the voicing of the pipes (not commenced) shall
prove as satisfactory as the mechanism unquestionably is, the pub-
lic may expect to hear an organ which will add to the attractions
of this great city.

I am afraid that my description will be found tediously long;
but, like the witty Frenchman who apologized to his friend for
sending him so long a letter, I must say that I had not time to
write it shorter.	E. H.

Ole Bull’s Second Concert.—We attended the second
concert of this artist, having received from him at length,
though unsolicited, the courtesy of the usual free admis-
sions. No concert of his in this city has ever been so
poorly attended. The vast area of the Tabernacle con-
tained not more than from five to six hundred listeners of
all sorts. We copy the programme of the evening:

PART I.

1.	Grand	Overture,.......................................Full	Orchestra.

2.	Song,..................................................Mr.	Duffield.

3.	Sicillia a	e 	Tarrentella, composed and performed by Ole Bull.

4. Song,.................................................Miss	Northall,

5. Norges Fjelde, Mountains of Norway, Fanta-
sia, composed and performed by.....................Ole Bull,

part II.

1. Song...................................................Mr.	Duffield,

2. Carnival of Venice, composed by Paganini,

and performed by...............................Ole Bull,

3.	Song,.................................................Miss	Northall.

4.	Polacca Guerriera, composed and performed by....Ole Bull.

Mr. Duffield comes to us from the Western country,
and the only recommendation we have seen of his talent
j is copied from some Westem paper, and concludes with

216

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

something to this effect:—“He never sings the song
“Fifty years ago” without receiving demonstrations of
delight from a buck-eyed auditory.” This is praise con-
siderable, but we do not think it will weigh much with
our Northern people. Mr. Duffield has a light, pleasing
and melodious voice, but of its compass and power we
were unable to judge, for his intonation was so faulty,
and his manner so cold and uncultivated, that we rarely
heard the true quality of his organ. However, the indi-
cations were sufficient to warrant the opinion, that, with
careful and hard study, he may become an ornament to
his profession. His last song was “Stand to your guns.”
It requires great descriptive powers, a vast deal of ener-
gy, and a most powerful voice. Mr, Duffield, at present,
lacks all these qualifications, and consequently the song
was a failure. He took the tempo of the song nearly one
half too slow; at least, the conductor, Mr. Hill, lead the
song off too slow, and the singer followed—but presently
Mr. Duffield, by a variety of expressive gestures, intima-
ted his wish that the time should be increased; the con-
ductor took the hint, and communicated the same to the
band, which ultimately consented to accede to their uni-
ted wishes.

Of Miss Northall we spoke last week, and we saw no
reason on this occasion to alter our opinion then express-
ed. She has a most beautiful voice, and we should be
delighted to find that she cultivated it to advantage, for
she is quite young yet, and has, we hope, many years in
prospective which may yield her high honor and large
profit. In her last song, with orchestral accompani-
ments, it was really painful to hear how the conductor
labored with hands and feet to impress the tempo upon
the band, and it was equally painful to observe what very
little success attended his efforts.

Of Ole Bull we have much to say, both in praise and
in condemation. We cannot but admire his adagio per-
formances; they are full of passion and sentiment. His
allegros are brilliant and forcible, and his scherzos are
piquant and striking; but with all these undoubted ex-
cellences, there is mingled so much of trickery and what
is termed professional “gaggery,” that the beauties are
often clouded, and sometimes quite obscured. Many of
his peculiarities are undoubtedly the natural impulse of
his genius, which is nothing if not wildly eccentric; but
there are others which display no other intention than to
tickle the ears, without appealing to the mind.

Ole Bull was wretchedly accompanied; we really felt
for him. He tried all he could to lead the conductor by
gesture and cue, but they were mostly at difference, and
the band differed from both, producing confusion worse
confounded.	——

The Musical Convention had its sitting this week at
the Tabernacle. The only object of the Convention, as far
as we can learn, is to procure a large sale for Boston Mu-
sic books—from which we especially pray to be preserved
—and to exalt a few little men into falsely magnified
positions, before a portion of the public. Why did not
the Boston Convention stay in Boston?

Editorial Miscellany.

The New-York Mirror has been much enlarged, and
in some respects greatly improved—although we regret
the necessity of the brevier in place of the bold bourgeois
—and although we miss the original and racy editorials
of Willis. In newspaper not less than in theatrical man-
agement we think the * system is a bad one.

Mr. or Mrs. Asterisk honored us lately with half a co-
lumn which we have been sadly at a loss to comprehend.
Can any of our readers help us out?

Poe-lemical.—In the last number of the Broadway Journal, the
critical and learned editor reiterates his opinion of Mr. Simms,
whom he considers the “best novelist that this country has, upon
the whole produced.” Mr. Poe seems to have quite an original
and peculiar standard of judging of the merits of men and books.
Success is the common measure of talent, not only in regard to the
productions of literary men, but in business also, in works of art
or of usefulness; and in all the varied pursuits of life. It is the
victory that coolers fame on the hero, father than brave bearing,
and manly courage on the battle-field. We are too apt to look at
results merely, and to honor and praise the successful, rather than
the meritorious man. In business, the millionare, into whose lap
fortune has poured her treasures, and to whose prosperity the winds
of heaven have seemed subservient, gains with his wealth the re-
putation of being wiser and shrewder than his competitors, who
may perhaps have struggled harder, and reasoned better, and yet
been thwarted in their efforts beyond avoidance or control. And
in literature, also, the popular man, is the great man,—the author
who sells best—who is most read—and oftenest quoted,—he is the
man whom the people will honor in spite of all the critics. But
then one class of philosophers tell us that the judgment of the mil-
lion is always wrong—that the great majority of men, blinded by
passion, and swayed by prejudice, are wholly incapable of deciding
in matters of taste or morals, in politics or religion. On the other
hand, there are many learned Thebans,” who as strenuously
maintain that the voice of the multitude is the voice of truth and
God; and that in all cases it is the duty of the minority to acqui-
esce in the verdict of the people. Here, we take it, is the great
rock on which politicians, moralists, and critics split and separate.
Leaving this primal question as undecided as it is likely to remain
until the “World’s Convention” shall eradicate from human na-
ture all the causes which lead to differences in the opinions of men,
we are inclined to believe that it is above the power of any single
critic—or of all the critics in the country combined, to convince
the world that William Gilmore Simms is a better novelist than
Cooper, or Brockden Brown. He is certainly less known and read
at home and abroad. We doubt if the copy-right of all Mr.
Simms’ collected works would bring as good a price in America
or England, as the "Norman Leslie” of Fay, or the "Sketch
Book” of Irving. But our surprise at Mr. Poe’s estimate is some-
what diminished, when, on turning to another article, we find him
speaking of our old friend, “Christopher North,” as “the ignorant
and egotistical Wilson!” and adding, that, “with the exception
of Macaulay and Dilke, and one or two others, there is not in
Great Britain a critic who can be fairly considered worthy the
name!" This is indeed, “bearding the lion in his den;” and as
Mr. Poe is preparing to publish an edition of his "Tales" in
England, (omitting the story of the Gold Bug, we suppose,) he can
expect but little mercy from the Amir-biting reviews of the Lock-
harts and Fonblanques, those bull-dogs of the English press. It is,
however, a matter of some pride that we have, at least, one critic,
who is brave and Quixotic enough to attack any wind-mill, either
in Europe or America, however formidable it may appear; and
our good wishes go with our valiant neighbor.

Mr. (or Mrs.) Star suggests here first, (if we are not
mistaken) that success is (or is not) the test of merit, and
secondly, that it is not (or is). Are we right in this in-
terpretation? No doubt of it.

The separation of our passage about Mr. Simms from
its context, brings about a total misrepresentation of our
ideas.

Mr. Simms is “better known” than Brockden Brown.

Putting the author of “Norman Leslie” by the side of
the author of the “Sketch-Book,” is like speaking of
“The King and I”—of Pop Emmons and Homer—of a
Mastodon and a mouse. If we were asked which was
the most ridiculous book ever written upon the face of
the earth—we should answer at once, “Norman Leslie.”

We are not “preparing to publish” our Tales in Eng-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

217

land; we leave such manoeuvres to
those who are in the habit of bowing
down to the Golden Calf of the British
opinion. Our book, to be sure, has been
re-published in England—long ago—
but we had nothing to do with its re-
publication, Should we ever think of
such a thing, however, we should un-
doubtedly give The “Bug” a more pro-
minent position than it even occupies at
present. We should call the book “The
Gold-Bug and Other Tales”—instead
of “Tales,” as its title stands. How-
ever highly we respect Mr. Willis’ ta-
lents, we feel nothing but contempt for
his affectations.

But we have a curiosity to solve the
anonymous of the * The star-dust
theory is exploded—but can any one
tell us which is the very smallest of
all the stars to be found in the “Milky
Way”?

PAINE & BURGESS

HAVE JUST PUBLISHED

THE CITIZEN OF a REPUBLIC, by
Ansaldo Ceba. 1 vol. 12 mo. “A book
of rare and condensed thoughts, like dia-
monds finely polished and richly set.”

The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli,
2 vols. 12 mo. “The charmed records of
the classic city of the Arno, by the master
spirit of his age.”

The Challenge of Barletta, a Romance of
the Times of the Medici. 1 vol. 12 mo. “A
gem gathered from the jewelled mines of
Italian Romance.”

WILL PUBLISH SOON,

The Autobiography of Alfieri.

Melodies, by Gen. Geo. P. Morris.

The Artist, Merchant and Statesman. 2
vols. 12 mo. By C. Edwards Lester.

Prairiedom; or Texas and New Estrama-
dura. By a Southerner. 1 vol. 12 mo.

A New Work on Greece. By G. A. Per-
dicari, U. S. Consul at Athens. 2 vols. 12
mo.

Rambles by Land and Water, or Notes of
Travel in Cuba and Mexico. By B. M.
Norman, author of Rambles in Yucatan, etc.
1 vol. Illustrated.

Fanny Forrester’s First Book of Sketches.
Man in the Republic. By C. Matthews.
32 mo. Gilt. A new and carefully revised
edition.

The Prince. By Machiavelli.

161 Broadway, September, 1845.

WILEY & PUTNAM'S
Library OF CHOICE READING.;

	“BOOKS WHICH ARC BOOKS.”

THE PUBLISHERS of the Library of Choice
Heading beg leave to call attention to the following clarification of the books published in the
series by which it will appear that novelty, variety,
and standard merit have always been preserved,
and the promise of the original prospectus faithfully,
kept. It was proposed to publish "the best books of
Travels, Biographies, works of Classic Fiction— 
where the moral is superior to the mere story, with
out any sacrifice of the interest—occasional choice 
volumes of Poetry, Essays, Criticism. Contributions
to History, and generally such single volumes, writ-
ten by men 0f genius as will equally delight the 
scholar and the general reader.” The books already
issued and ready for immediate publication may be
arranged as follows:
	BOOKS OF TRAVELS.

EOTHEN, OR TRACES OF TRAVEL BROUGHT
home FROM THE EAST.

FRENCH IN ALGIERS. By Lady Duff
Gordon.

THE CRESCENT AND THE CROSS—2 vols. By

Warburton.

Sir Francis HEAD'S BUBBLES FROM THE
BRUNNEN.

BECKFORD'S ITALY, SPAIN, PORTUGAL, AND
vist TO THE MONASTERIES OF ALCO-
BACA AND BATALHA—in press.

NOTES ON A JOURNEY THROUGH FRANCE
AND ITALY. By Hazlitt—in runs.

 These will be followed by Sir Francis Head’s
Rough Notes of a Journey across the Pampas;—
Waterton’s Wanderings in South America; Miss
Rigby’s Letters from the Baltic; Henry Nelson
Coleridge’s Six Months in the West Indies, and
Thackeray’s Notes of a Journey from London to
Cairo, and others—forming altogether one of the
. most original and select collections of books of travels ever published.

CLASSIC FICTION.

MARY SCHWEIDLER, THE AMBER WITCH
The most interesting Trial for Witchcraft ever 
published.

UNDINE AND SINTRAM AND HIS COMPAN-
IONS. From the German of La Motte Fouque. 
THE DIARY OF LADY WILLOUGHHY	

HEADLONG HALL AND NIGHTMARE. ABBEY 
ZSCHOKKE’S TALES. Translated by Parke God-
win.

THE CROCK OF GOLD. By Martin Farquhar

Tapper.

HEART AND THE TWINS. By Marlin Farquhar
Tupper.—in press.

Under this department will be included the choicest
new works of fiction as they issue from the press
and choice translations from the writers of the Continent. The following have been already announced: Mrs. INCHBALD'S Nature and Art; Tales from
TIECK and Hoffman, the White Lady and Peter
Schlemihl; The Life and Adventures of Peter Wilkins, a Cornish Man; Melincourt and Crotchet Cas

  the, by the author of Headlong Hall.

ILLUSTRATIONS OF ENGLISH LITERATURE
LEIGH HUNTS IMAGINATION AND FANCY
HAZLITT’S DRAMATIC WRITERS OF THE
AGE OF ELIZABETH.

HAZLITT’S CHARACTERS OF SHAKSPEARE
WILSON’S GENIUS AND CHARACTER OF 
BURNS.

HAZLITT’S LECTURES ON THE COMIC WRITERS—in press.

HAZLITT’S LECTURES ON THE ENGLISH
POETS—in PRESS

The works of Hazlitt in this department, the
most eloquent commentator on English Literature,
will be followed by various writings of Campbell,
Wilson, COLERIDGE, SOUTHEY, Ellis and others.

BIOGRAPHY AND GENERAL LITERATURE.
LEIGH HUNT’S INDICATOR AND COMPANION— 2 vols.

HOOD’S PROSE AND VERSE—2 vols.

CHARLES LAMB'S ESSAYS Of ELIA.

HAZLITT'S TABLE TALK—2d seriәs, 2 vols.
AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF BENVENUTO CELLINI

—IN PRESS.

A complete collection of the writings of Hazlitt
and Leigh hunt will form part of the senes to be
published at short intervals; Walter Satage Lam
dor's writings: De Quincet’s (the English opium
eater) Miscellaneous Writings; names Smith's Re-
jected Addresses and the Poems and Ballads of Box
Gualtier.

OLD ENGLISH LITERATURE.

BASIL MONTAGU’S SELECTIONS FROM TAY
LOR. SOUTH, BARROW. FULLER, &c.
CHARLES LAMB’S SPECIMENS OF OLD ENG-
LISH DRAMATISTS WHO LIVED ABOUT 
THE TIME OF SHAKSPEARE.	

Three, the most perfect collections of the kind
ever published, will form the introduction in prose
and ve.se ton series of the old English writers,
including Sir Thomas More, Herbert, Fuller,
Sir Thomas Browse, Milton, Selden, Bacon and
others.

AMERICAN SERIES.

Of the “Library of American Books, the fol-

lowing have already been issued:
JOURNAL OF AN AFRICAN CRUISER, EDITED

BY NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE.

LETTERS FROM ITALY. BY J T. HEADLEY

THE WIGWAM AND THE CABIN. BY W. GIL

MORE SIMMS. 
BIG ABEL AND THE LITTLE MANHATTAN, 

BY CORNELIUS MATHEWS.
WANDERINGS OF THE PILGRIM UNDER THE

SHADOW OF THE JUNGFRAU, BY GEORGE
B, CHEEVER, D. D.—Just ready.

The following are in press:—Western Clearings,
by Mary Clavers (Mrs. Kirkland); Wanderings
of a Pilgrim under the Shadow of the Jungfrau by
George B. Cheever; Views and Reviews in Ame-
rica History, Literature, and Fiction, a Miscellany,
by W. Gilmore Simms; The Forest and the Prairie
by James hall, author of the Border tales; a new

volume, by Nathaniel Hawthorne; The Old Eng
lish Library. by W. N. Jones; and other productions
of American authors.	

Gurney's

PREMIUM DAGUERRIAX GALLERY,
189 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.

PICTURES taken at this Establishment
are not excelled in this country—so say
his numerous patrons. The public are in-
vited to call and judge for themselves. O2

MESSRS. HARPER & BROTHERS

PUBLISH THIS DAY,

Elements of Morality and Polity.

BY PROF. WHEWELL.

THIS valuable new production, from the pen of
one if the most eminent scholars of the age,
exhibits, in a most lucid, exact, and elegant style,
the great principles of moral, political, and ecclesi-
astical science in a far more complete and methodi-
cal manner than has ever met been presented to the
Public. In offering this great work to the American
reader, the publisher begs leave to introduce it as
the commencement- of a new and a tractive series
of sterling books, to be issued by them, under the
general designation of

HARPER’S NEW MISCELLANY;

the volumes of which will be legibly printed, in
duodecimo, on fine paper, and

Bound, in extra Muslin Gilt—Price
Fifty Cents a Volume,

and issued at short intervals. To render accessible
to the million, the fullest advantages of popular in-
struction in the various divisions of human know-
ledge, is tile design of the above series. It is appa-
rent in the present day, that books of intrinsic value
are demanded by the people. Formerly the popu-
lar taste preferred mainly works of mete amusement
—the great body of readers now seek them as vehi-
cles of general knowledge books of a more per-
manently valuable caste—devoted to some of the
departments of science, or general literature. A
new race has sprung up, glowing with the first
energies of youth, requiring more expanded ideas
of the world in  which they live, and a more reliable
and well-digested knowledge of the men. and the
events of other times and countries. A class of
books expressly adapted to this demand, it is the
aim of the publishers to supply; and at a price so
exceedingly cheap that every person of ordinary
taste and advantages may thus become possessed
of a

Complete Library of the Best Litera-
ture of the Age.

In this collection it is intended to include the ben
productions in every department of knowledge;
popular philosophical treatises on topics of univer ’
sal interest; the most compact and brilliant histori-
cal books; valuable biographical memoirs; modern
voyages and travels, See.; together with scientific
and other collateral divisions; in the selection of
all which, the most careful discrimination will be
observed A mere glance over the wide domain of
our English literature will exhibit much yet unex-
plored and uncultivated, from which might be ga-
thered the fruits of a rich, luxuriant harvest; besides
which, the ever-teeming issues of the European
press open a vast revenue of literary wealth, from
which the above collection may be liberally suppli-
ed. Original productions from American writers
will also occasionally be introduced. In submitting,
therefore, the esteemed work of Prof. Whewell
as a kind of first fruits of their New Miscellany,”
the publishers deem it only necessary to add, that
their arrangements for carrying forward the enter-
prise being of the most complete and efficient kind,
hey confidently rely upon their efforts being met
with a ready response from the entire reading com-
munity.

This, they venture to believe, will be insured to
the r Miscellany, no less from the intrinsic value
if the collection, than from its unparalleled economy; each volume being elegantly produced, bound

IN HANDSOME AND SUBSTANTIAL STYLE. FITTED WITH'
JUT FARTHER EXPENSE FOR PERMANENT PRESERVA-

tion in the library; the whole series being issued
in uniform binding, while the price of each volume
will be only Fifty Cents—far below the cost of
any similar series of books yet published in this,

are, it is believed, any other country.

PIANOFORTES.—THOMAS H.—CHAMBERS,
(formerly Conductor to Dubois and Stodart),
No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assortment
if the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes,
of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared
of guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch,
and External Finish, and to elude in any climate,
a liberal discount from the standard prices. Piano
Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always
on here.

PENMANSHIP.

Reopening of goldsmiths writing

ACADEMY, 289 Broadway. LA Farge Build-
ings corner of Reade Street. Terms reduced to
THREE DOLLARS, AND NO EXTRA CHARGE.

Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully informs the
citizens of New York and Brooklyn, that his rooms
are now open, during the day and evening, for Pu-
puils and Visiters. Mr. G's specimens of

1	PENMANSHIP

has received the First Premium Five Years, from
the American Institute, and he guarantees to all in
TEN easy AND INTERESTING EXERCISES,
a free and elegant style of writing that the pupils
cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice.

For sale at the Academy GOLDSMITH'S GEMS
OF PENMANSHIP.

Ladies’ Class meets daily at 11 o’clock. Gentle
men’s day and evening. See Circular. s18

218

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

J, F. BROWNE & CO.

MANUFACTURER OF THE

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION HARP,

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard.

JF. BROWNE respectfully informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for the manufacture
• and importation of these very beautiful instruments, at

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are such as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the high duties
imposed by Tariff on these Instruments.

J. F. Browne would observe, these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modern improvements of
London and Paris, are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism. Particular care is taken
to fit them for the extremes of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufac-
ture, imported in the usual way.

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe; among the latter, he would mention
N. C. Boscha, who invariably selects from this establishment.

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional talent in this country.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of
testing their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof
against the inconstancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction.

January, 1845.	I am yours, CHARLES THIBAULT, No. 40 Beach St., N. Y.

Dear Sir I write to express the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella’s Concert in this city —
The mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old
Master, Boscha, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other. Yours most truly, H. G. TRUST
Philadelphia, March 4th, 1844.

 Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir I have much pleasure in saying, that the Harp of your make I performed on at the St. George’s Society
Concert, is, in brilliancy of tone, touch, and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever played on. This will apply to all your Harps.
The grand six and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument. Yours, with respect, ELIZABETH SLOMAN.
New York, January 16th, 1845.	A pupil of N.C. Boscha

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir Having at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps, I find they possess the best quali-
ties of the first makers in Europe combined. That in the ease of touch, by which the most brilliant tone is obtained in perfection and
ease of modulation, they arc superior to any I have used; their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste Your new
Grand Gothic six and a half octave, is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world; it will give me great pleasure
in recommending your Harps at every opportunity.	Yours Truly, HENRY HORN

January 12th, 1845.	An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every wav capable of
making a correct decision. J. F. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Arts, Philadelphia for his splendid
improvements in this delightful Instrument.	

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

The southern literary messenger

B.B MINOR, Proprietor. Published monthly,
at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

The MESSENGER has been established since
1835, has a large subscription list, and is the principal organ of Southern opinion
Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office
of the “Broadway Journal,  135 Nassau street.

JUST PUBLISHED BY H. G. DAGGERS, 30 Ann
Street, New York.

THE COTTON LORD By Mrs. Stone A Ro
mance of the Rich and Poor, written by a lady of
brilliant talents. 25 Cents.

FRANKENSTEIN, by Mrs. Marry W. Shelley,
wife of the illustrious poet. “It is among the most
exciting and terrible of modern romances."—Tri
bune. 25 Cents.

LAWRIE TODD, by John Galt, with an original
preface by the original Lawrie Todd, viz: Grant
Thorburn, Esq. “Mr. Thorburn’s Preface is worth
more than the price asked fur the novel."25 Cents
THE NUN: or, Life in a Convent. By one of
the Sisterhood “A terrible exposition of the secret
practices of Roman Catholics.’’ 25 Cents.

POOR JACK. By Captain Marryatt, author of
Midshipman Easy, Peter Simple, &c. 25 Cents
N. B. All of the above will be sent for One Dollar to any person ordering them through Postmas-
ters. who are by law authorized to remit money to
publishers. Any Postmaster ordering the above
shall be presented with either novel he may select.

ÆOLIAN ATTACHMENT.

HERMANN'S SARONI, Professor of Music, 111
Leonard street, New York, teaches the Piano
Forte, with or without Coleman's celebrated At
tachment.

PIANOFORTES-H. WORCESTEB, NO. 139
THIRD AVENUE, Corner of 14th Street, res
pectfully informs his friends and the public, that hr
has a good assortment of Piano Fortes, in Rosewood
and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons
wishing to purchase will find it to their advantage
to call and examine before purchasing elsewhere.

BEETHOVEN'S MOUNT OF OLIVES AND|
the SEVEN SLEEPERS -During the week of
the American Musical Convention —The sublime
Oratorio of the Mount of Olives, by the immortal
Beethoven, and the Seven Sleepers, by Dr. Lowe,
will be performed at the Tabernacle, on Thursday
evening, the 9th October next, under the direction of
MR. GEORGE LODER.

The Chorus and Orchestra will be full and effect-
ive, and the solo parts will be sustained by resident
talent

Mr. H. C. TIMM will preside at the Organ.
Tickets, 50 cents each, may be obtained on and
after Thursday next, at the principal music stores
Subscribers will receive three tickets for one dollar
as usual.

HENRY MEIGGS, 446 Broadway.

G. H. DERWORT, PROFESSOR OF SINGING. 
 Guitar and Piano Forte, has opened a class
for Young Ladies, from 7 to 10 years of age, among
whom are three of his own daughters, whom he
proposes to thoroughly instruct in the art of Singing
Mr Derwort’s system is the result of many years'
observation and experience, during which he has
successfully taught in Germany, London, and .New
York. His method cannot fail to impart to his pu
pils a clear perception and a thorough knowledge
of the grammatical principles of music with the
ability to harmonize any simple given melody.

Parents and guardians are invited to call at his
Rooms, 427 Broadway, when every inquiry will be
answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in ad
vance. Lessons three times a week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER-JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near
Elm. A Large Stock of the finest instruments al
ways on hand. Terms moderate. FOR SALE—A
Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a great
bargain for cash.

WEDDING, VISITING, & PROFESSIONAL.

CARDS, engraved and printed at VALEN-
TINE'S, 1 Beckman street—Lovejoy's Hotel.

J BALLARD, PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR,
• Singing, and Flute, No. 135 8pring street.

CARD OF REMOVAL.—MR. W. A. KING,
Professor of Music and Teacher of the Piano-
Forte and Organ, has Removed to the First House
above Twenty-Fifth Street on the Rail-Road (4th
Avenue)

Our First Volume.—A few copies of
the first volume of the Broadway Jour-
nal are for sale at the office, either in
numbers or neatly bound.

AGENTS.

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.

R. G. H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct.

M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O.

D. M. Dewey, Rochester, N. Y.

J. Robertson, Syracuse, N. Y.

W. E. Russell, Schenectady, N. Y
Levi Willard, Troy, N. Y.

G. Jones, Albany. N. Y.

S. F. Hoyt, Newburgh, N. Y.

Shurtz & Wilde, Baltimore, Md.

Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia.

Thos. H. Peade, New-Haven, Ct.

J. C. Morgan, New-Orleans.

W. W. Kingslev, New-London, Ct.

G. N. Beesley, Utica, N Y.

H. B. Strang, Peekskill, N. Y.

Haliburton & Dudley Boston, Mass.

S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.

Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct.

H. Eaten, Providence, R. I.

Safford & Park, Norwich. Ct.

John Tomlin, P. M. Jackson, Tenn.

S. Hart, Sen., Charleston, 8. C.