THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.

EDGAR A. POE,

EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.

NO. 26.

NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, JANUARY 3, 1846.

The Office of the Broadway Journal is removed to
304 Broadway, corner of Duane.

New Year's Day.

I wish I could be gay, mother,

And happy, for your sake,

On this glad New Year’s day, mother,

But oh, my heart would break

If these tears could not flow, mother:

For to his faithless breast,

This day last year, you know, mother,

I first was fondly prest.

Then first our fond lips met, mother—

’Twas at this very hour—

I feel that kiss even yet, mother,

So strong is memory’s power!

I thought his love was pure, mother,

Nor doubted when he said
’Twould ever thus endure, mother,

Till life itself had fled.

Alas! his love passed o’er, mother—

The love I thought so true—

Whilst I loved more and more, mother,

The colder that he grew!

His love’s forever fled, mother,

My heart is like to break;

I’d wish that I were dead, mother,

Only for your dear sake.

Yet t'would be sweet to die, mother,

For I have prayed to be
An angel, ever nigh, mother,

To guard both him and thee.

But if you’d see me yet, mother,

Happy, and blithe, and gay,

Then teach me to forget, mother,

The last dear New Year’s day.

Yet I’d rather have with tears, mother,

My eyes forever dim,

Than smile through sunny years, mother,

Without fond thoughts of him!

Mary.

Loss of Breath.

A TALE NEITHER IN NOR OUT OF “BLACKWOOD.”

0 breathe not, &c.—Moore’s Melodies.

The most notorious ill-fortune must, in the end, yield to the
untiring courage of philosophy—as the most stubborn city to the

j ceaseless vigilance of an enemy. Salmanezer, as we have it in
the holy writings, lay three years before Samaria; yet it fell.
Sardanapalus—see Diodorus—maintained himself seven in Nine-
veh; but to no purpose. Troy expired at the close of the second
lustrum; and Azoth, as Aristaeus declares upon his honor as a
gentleman, opened at last her gates to Psammitticus, after having

barred them for the fifth part of a century.

*******

“Thou wretch!—thou vixen!—thou shrew!” said I to my
wife on the morning after our wedding, “thou witch!—thou
hag!—thou whipper-snapper!—thou sink of iniquity!—thou
fiery-faced quintessence of all that is abominable!—thou—thou
—” here standing upon tiptoe, seizing her by the throat, and
placing my mouth close to her ear, I was preparing to launch
forth a new and more decided epithet of opprobrium, which should
not fail, if ejaculated, to convince her of her insignificance, when,
to my extreme horror and astonishment, I discovered that I had,
lost my breath.

The phrases “I am out of breath,” “I have lost my breath,”
&c., are often enough repeated in common conversation; but it
had never occurred to me that the terrible accident of which I
speak could bona fide and actually happen! Imagine— that is if
you have a fanciful turn—imagine, I say, my wonder—my con-
sternation—my despair!

There is a good genius, however, which has never entirely de-
serted me. In my most ungovernable moods I still retain a sense
of propriety, et le chemin des passions me'conduit—as Lord Edouard
in the “Julie” says it did him—a la philosophic veritable.

Although I could not at first precisely ascertain to what degree
the occurrence had affected me, I determined at all events to con-
ceal the matter from my wife, until farther experience should dis-
cover to me the extent of this my unheard of calamity. Altering
my countenance, therefore, in a moment, from its bepuffed and
distorted appearance, to an expression of arch and coquettish
benignity, I gave my lady a pat on the one cheek, and a kiss on
the other, and without saying one syllable, (Furies! I could not,)
left her astonished at my drollery, as I pirouetted out of the room
in a Pas de Zephyr.

Behold me then safely ensconced in my private boudoir, a fear-
ful instance of the ill consequences attending upon irascibility—
alive with the qualifications of the dead—dead with the propensi-
ties of the living—an anomaly on the face of the earth—being
very calm, yet breathless.

Yes! breathless. I am serious in asserting that my breath was
entirely gone. I could not have stirred with it a feather if my
life had been at issue, or suilied even the delicacy of a mirror
Hard fate!—yet there was some alleviation to the first overwhelm-
ing paroxysm of my sorrow. I found, upon trad, that the
powers of utterance which, upon my inability to proceed in the
conversation with my wife, I then concluded to be totally de-
stroyed, were in fact only partially impeded, and I discovered
that had I at that interesting crisis, dropped my voice to a sin-
gularly deep guttural, I might still have continued to her the
communication of my sentiments; this pitch of voice (the guttural)
depening I find, not upon the current of the breath, but upon a
 certain spasmodic action of the muscles of the throat.

398

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Throwing myself upon a chair, I remained for some time ab-
sorbed in meditation. My reflections, be sure, were of no consol-
atory kind. A thousand vague and lachrymatory fancies took
possession of my soul—and even the idea of suicide flitted across
my brain; but it is a trait in the perversity of human nature to
reject the obvious and the ready, for the far-distant and equivocal.
Thus I shuddered at self-murder as the most decided of atrocities
while the tabby cat purred strenously upon the rug, and the very
water-dog wheezed assiduously under the table; each taking to
itself much merit for the strength of its lungs, and all obviously-
done in derision of my own pulmonary incapacity.

Oppressed with a tumult of vague hopes and fears, I at length
heard the footsteps of my wife descending the staircase. Being
now assured of her absence, I returned with a palpitating heart
to the scene of my disaster.

Carefully locking the door on the inside, I commenced a vigor-
ous search. It was possible, I thought that, concealed in some ob-
scure corner, or lurking in some closet or drawer, might be found
the lost object of my inquiry. It might have a vapory—it might
even have a tangible form. Most philosophers, upon many
points of philosophy, are still very unphilosophical. William
Godwin, however, says in his “Mandeville,” that “invisible
things are the only realities,” and this all will allow, is a case in
point. I would have the judicious reader pause before accusing j
such asseverations of an undue quantum of absurdity. Anaxago-
ras, it will be remembered, maintained that snow is black, and this
I have since found to be the case.

Long and earnestly did I continue the investigation: but the
contemptible reward of my industry and perseverance proved to
be only a set of false teeth, two pair of hips, an eye, and a bun-
dle of billetts-doux from Mr. Windenough to my wife. I might
as well here observe that this confirmation of my lady’s partiality
for Mr. W. occasioned me little uneasiness. That Mrs. Lacko-
breath should admire any thing so dissimilar to myself was a
natural and necessary evil. I am, it is well known, of a robust
and corpulent appearance, and at the same time somewhat dimin-
utive in stature. What wonder then that the lath-like tenuity of
my acquaintance, and his altitude which has grown into a prov-
erb, should have met with all due estimation in the eyes of Mrs.
Lackobreath. But to return.

My exertions, as I have before said, proved fruitless. Closet
after closet—drawer after drawer—corner after corner—were
scrutinized to no purpose. At one time, however, I thought
myself sure of ray prize, having, in rummaging a dressing case,
accidentally demolished a bottle of Grandjean’s Oil of Archangels
—which, as an agreeable perfume, I here take the liberty of re-
commending.

With a heavy heart I returned to my boudoir—there to ponder
upon some method of eluding my wife’s penetration, until I could
make arrangements prior to my leaving the country, for to this I
had already made up my mind. In a foreign climate, being un-
known, I might, with some probability of success, endeavor to
conceal my unhappy calamity—a calamity calculated, even more
than beggary, to estrange the affections of the multitude, and to
draw down upon the wretch the well-merited indignation of the
virtuous and the happy. I was not long in hesitation. Being
naturally quick, I committed to memory the entire tragedy of
"Metamora.” I had the good fortune to recollect that in the ac-
centuation of this drama, or at least of such portion of it as is
allotted to the hero, the tones of voice in which I found myself
deficient were altogether unnecessary, and that the deep guttural
was expected to reign monotonously throughout.

I practised for some time by the borders of a well frequented
marsh;—herein, however, having no reference to a similar pro-

ceeding of Demosthenes, but from a design peculiarly and con-
scientiously my own. Thus armed at all points, I determined to
make my wife believe that I was suddenly smitten with a pas-
sion for the stage. In this, I succeeded to a miracle; and to every
| question or suggestion found myself at liberty to reply in my most
 frog-like and sepulchral tones with some passage from the tra-
gedy—any portion of which, as I soon took great pleasure in ob-
serving, would apply equally well to any particular subject. It
is not to be supposed, however, that in the delivery of such pas-
sages I was found at all deficient in the looking asquint—the
showing my teeth—the working my knees—the shuffling my
feet—or in any of those unmentionable graces which are now
justly considered the characteristics of a popular performer. To
be sure they spoke of confining me in a straight-jacket—but,
good God! they never suspected me of having lost my breath.

Having at length put my affairs in order, I took my seat very
early one morning in the mail stage for——, giving it to be un-

derstood, among my acquaintances, that business of the last im-
portance required my immediate personal attendance in that city.

The coach was crammed to repletion; but in the uncertain
twilight the features of my companions could not be distinguished.
Without making any effectual resistance, I suffered myself to be
placed between two gentlemen of colossal dimensions; while a
third, of a size larger, requesting pardon for the liberty he was
about to take, threw himself upon my body at full length, and
falling asleep in an instant, drowned all my guttural ejaculations
for relief, in a snore which would have put to blush the roarings
of the bull of Phalaris. Happily the state of my respiratory fac-
ulties rendered suffocation an accident entirely out of the question.

As, however, the day broke more distinctly in our approach
to the outskirts of the city, my tormentor arising and adjusting
his shirt-collar, thanked me in a very friendly manner for my
civility. Seeing that I remained motionless, (all my limbs were
dislocated and my head twisted on one side,) his apprehensions
began to be excited; and arousing the rest of the passengers, he
communicated in a very decided manner, his opinion that a dead
man had been palmed upon them during the night for a living
and responsible fellow-traveler; here giving me a thump on the
right eye, by way of demonstrating the truth of his suggestion.

Hereupon all, one after another, (there were nine in company,)
believed it their duty to pull me by the ear. A young practising
physician, too, having applied a pocket-mirror to my mouth, and
found me without breath, the assertion of my prosecutor was
pronounced a true bill; and the whole party expressed a deter-
mination to endure tamely no such impositions for the future,
and to proceed no farther with any such carcasses for the present.

I was here, accordingly thrown out at the sign of the “Crow,”
(by which tavern the coach happened to be passing) without
meeting with any farther accident than the breaking of both my
arms under the left hind wheel of the vehicle. I must besides do
the driver the justice to state that he did not forget to throw after
me the largest of my trunks, which, unfortunately falling on my
head, fractured my skull in a manner at once interesting and ex-
traordinary.

The landlord of the “Crow,” who is a hospitable man, finding
that my trunk contained sufficient to idemnify him for any little
trouble he might take in my behalf, sent forthwith for a surgeon
of his acquaintance, and delivered me to his care with a bill and
receipt for ten dollars.

The purchaser took me to his apartments and commenced ope-
rations immediately. Having cut off my ears, however, he dis-
covered signs of animation. He now rang the bell, and sent for
a neighboring apothecary with whom to consult in the emer-
gency. In case of his suspicions with regard to my existence

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

399

proving ultimately correct, he, in the meantime, made an incision
in my stomach, and removed several of my viscera for private
dissection.

The apothecary had an idea that I was actually dead. This
idea I endeavored to confute, kicking and plunging with all my
might, and making the most furious contortions—for the opera-
tions of the surgeon had, in a measure, restored me to the pos-
session of my faculties. All, however, was attributed to the
effects of a new galvanic battery, wherewith the apothecary, who
is really a man of information, performed several curious experi-
ments, in which, from my personal share in their fulfilment, I
could not help feeling deeply interested. It was a source of morti-
fication to me nevertheless, that although I made several attempts
at conversation, my powers of speech were so entirely in abeyance,
that I could not even open my mouth; much less then make
reply to some ingenious but fanciful theories of which, under
other circumstances, my minute acquaintance with the Hippocra-
tian pathology would have afforded me a ready confutation.

Not being able to arrive at a conclusion, the practitioners
remanded me for farther examination. I was taken up into a
garret; and the surgeon’s lady having accommodated me with
drawers and stockings, the surgeon himself fastened my hands,
and tied up my jaws with a pocket handkerchief—then bolted the
door on the outside as he hurried to his dinner, leaving me alone
to silence and to meditation.

I now discovered to my extreme delight that I could have
spoken had not my mouth been tied up by the pocket-handker-
chief. Consoling myself with this reflection, I was mentally
repeating some passages of the “Omnipresence of the Deity,” as
is my custom before resigning myself to sleep, when two cats, of
a greedy and vituperative turn, entering at a hole in the wall,
leaped up with a flourish á la Catalani, and alighting opposite
one another on my visage, betook themselves to indecorous con-
tention for the paltry consideration of my nose.

But, as the loss of his ears proved the means of elevating to
the throne of Cyrus, the Magian or Mige-Gush of Persia, and as
the cutting off his nose gave Zopyrus possession of Babylon, so
the loss of a few ounces of my countenance proved the salvation
of my body. Aroused by the pain, and burning with indignation,
I burst, at a single effort, the fastenings and the bandage.—
Stalking across the room I cast a glance of contempt at the belli-
gerents, and throwing open the sash to their extreme horror and
disappointment, precipitated myself, very dexterously, from the
window.

The mail-robber W——, to whom I bore a singular resem-

blance, was at this moment passing from the city jail to the
scaffold erected for his execution in the suburbs. His extreme
infirmity, and long-continued ill health, had obtained him the
privilege of remaining unmanacled; and habited in his gallows
costume—one very similar to my own—he lay at full length in
the bottom of the hangman’s cart (which happened to be under
the windows of the surgeon at the moment of my precipitation)
without any other guard than the driver who was asleep, and
two recruits of the sixth infantry, who were drunk.

As ill-luck would have it, I alit upon my feet within the vehi-
cle. W———, who was an acute fellow, perceived his oppor-

tunity. Leaping up immediately, he bolted out behind, and
turning down an alley, was out of sight in the twinkling of an
eye. The recruits, aroused by the bustle, could not exactly
comprehend the merits of the transaction. Seeing, however, a
man, the precise counterpart of the felon, standing upright in thә
cart before their eyes, they were of opinion that the rascal

(meaning W——) was after making his escape, (so they

expressed themselves,) and, having communicated this opinion 

to one another, they took each a dram, and then knocked me
down with the butt-ends of their muskets.

It was not long ere we arrived at the place of destination. Of
course nothing could be said in my defence. Hanging was my
inevitable fate. I resigned myself thereto with a feeling half
stupid, half acrimonious. Being little of a cynic, I had all the
sentiments of a dog. The hangman, however, adjusted the noose
about my neck. The drop fell.

I forbear to depict my sensations upon the gallows; although
here, undoubtedly, I could speak to the point, and it is a topic
upon which nothing has been well said. In fact, to write upon
such a theme it is necessary to have been hanged. Every
author should confine himself to matters of experience. Thus
Mark Anthony composed a treatise upon getting drunk.

I may just mention, however, that die I did not. My body
was, but I had no breath to be, suspended; and but for the knot
under my left ear (which had the feel of a military stock) I
dare say that I should have experienced very little inconvenience.
As for the jerk given to my neck upon the falling of the drop, it
merely proved a corrective to the twist afforded me by the fat
gentleman in the coach.

For good reasons, however, I did my best to give the crowd
the worth of their trouble. My convulsions were said to be
extraordinary. My spasms it would have been difficult to beat.
The populace encored. Several gentlemen swooned; and a mul-
titude of ladies were carried home in hysterics. Pinxit availed
himself of the opportunity to retouch, from a sketch taken upon
the spot, his admirable painting of the “Marsyas flayed alive.”

When I had afforded sufficient amusement, it was thought
proper to remove my body from the gallows;—this the more
especially as the real culprit had in the meantime been re-
taken and recognized; a fact which I was so unlucky as not to
know.

Much sympathy was, of course, exercised in my behalf, and
as no one made claim to my corpse, it was ordered that I should
be interred in a public vault.

Here, after due interval, I was deposited. The-sexton departed,
and I was left alone. A line of Marston’s “Malcontent”—
Death’s a good fellow and keeps open house —
struck me at that moment as a palpable lie.

I knocked off, however, the lid of my coffin, and stepped out.
The place was dreadfully dreary and damp, and I became troubled
with ennui. By way of amusement, I felt my way among the
numerous coffins ranged in order around. I lifted them down,
one by one, and breaking open their lids, busied myself in specu-
lations about the mortality within.

“This,” I soliloquized, tumbling over a carcass, puffy, bloated,
and rotund—” this has been, no doubt, in every sense of the
word, an unhappy—an unfortunate man. It has been his terri-
ble lot not to walk, but to waddle—to pass through life not like
a human being, but like an elephant—not like a man, but like a
rhinoceros.

“His attempts at getting on have been mere abortions, and
his circumgyratory proceedings a palpable failure. Taking a
step forward, it has been his misfortune to take two toward the
right, and three toward the left. His studies have been confined
to the poetry of Crabbe. He can have had no idea of the won-
ders of a pirouette. To him a pas de papillon has been an ab-
stract conception. He has never ascended the summit of a hill.
He has never viewed from any steeple the glories of a metropolis.
Heat has been his mortal enemy. In the dog-days his days have
been the days of a dog. Therein, he has dreamed of flames and
suffocation—of mountains upon mountains—of Pelion upon Ossa,
j He was short of breath—to say all in a word, he was short of

400

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

breath. He thought it extravagant to play upon wind instru-
ments. He was the inventor of self-moving fans, wind-sails,
and ventilators. He patronized Du Pont the bellows-maker, and
died miserably in attempting to smoke a cigar. His was a case
in which I feel deep interest—a lot in which I sincerely sympa-
thize.”

“But here,” said I—“here”—and I dragged spitefully from
its receptacle a guant, tall, and peculiar-looking form, whose re-
markable appearance struck me with a sense of unwelcome
familiarity—“here is a wretch entitled to no earthly commisera-
tion.” Thus saying, in order to obtain a more distinct view of
my subject, I applied my thumb and fore-finger to its nose, and,
causing it to assume a sitting position upon the ground, held it
thus, at the length of my arm, while I continued my soliloquy.

—“Entitled,” I repeated, "to no earthly commiseration. Who
indeed would think of compassionating a shadow? Besides, has
he not had his full share of the blessings of mortality? He was
the originator of tall monuments—shot-towers—lightning-rods—
lombardy-poplars. His treatise upon “Shades and Shadows”
has immortalized him. He edited with distinguished ability the
last edition of “South, on the Bones.” He went early to college
and studied pneumatics. He then came home, talked eternally,
and played upon the French-horn. He patronized the bag-pipes.
Captain Barclay, who walked against Time, would not walk
against him. Windham and Allbreath were his favorite writers.
—his favorite artist, Phiz. He died gloriously while inhaling
gas—levique flatu corrupitur, like the fama pudiciticc iu Hiero-
nymus.* He was indubitably a ”———

“How can you?—how—can—you?”—interrupted the object
of my animadversions, gasping for breath, and tearing off, with a
desperate exertion, the bandage around its jaws—“how can you,
Mr. Lackobreath, be so infernally cruel as to pinch me in that
manner by the nose? Did you nut see how they had fastened
up my mouth—and you must know—if you know anything—
how vast a superfluity of breath I have to dispose of! If you
do not know, however, sit down and you shall see.— In my sit-
uation it is really a great relief to be able to open one’s mouth—
to be able to expatiate—to be able to communicate with a person
like yourself, who do not think yourself called upon at every
period to interrupt the thread of a gentleman’s discourse.—Inter-
ruptions are annoying and should undoubtedly be abolished—
don’t you think so?—no reply, I beg you,—one person is enough
to be speaking at a time.—I shall be done by-and-by, and then
you may begin.—How the devil, sir, did you get into this place?
—not a word I beseech you—been here some time myself—ter-
rible accident!—heard of it, I suppose—awful calamity!—walk-
ing under your windows—some short while ago—about the time
you were stage-struck—horrible occurrence!—heard of “catch-
ing one’s breath,” eh?—hold your tongue I tell you!—I caught
somebody else’s!—had always too much of my own—met Blab
at the corner of the street—would’nt give me a chance for a word
—could’nt get in a syllable edgeways—attacked, consequently,
with epilepsis—Blab made his escape—damn all fools!—they
took me up for dead, and put me in this place—pretty doings all
of them!—heard all you said about me—every word a lie—hor-
rible!—wonderful!—outrageous!—hideous!—incomprehensible!
—et cetera—et cetera—et cetera—et cetera”—

It is impossible to conceive my astonishment at so unexpected
a discourse; or the joy with which I became gradually convinced
that the breath so fortunately caught by the gentleman (whom I

Tenera res in feminis fama pudicitiee, et quasi flos pulcher-
rimus, cito ad levem marcessit auram, levique flatu corrupitur—
maxime, life —Hieronymus ad Salvinam.

soon recognized as my neighbor Windenough) was, in fact, the
identical expiration mislaid by myself in the conversation with
my wife. Time, place, and circumstance rendered it a matter
beyond question. I did not, however, immediately release my
hold upon Mr. W.’s proboscis—not at least during the long pe-
riod in which the inventor of lombardy-poplars continued to
favor me with his explanations.

In this respect I was actuated by that habitual prudence which
has ever been my predominating trait. I reflected that many
difficulties might still lie in the path of my preservation which
only extreme exertion on my part would be able to surmount.
Many persons, I considered, are prone to estimate commodities
in their possession—however valueless to the then proprietor—
however troublesome, or distressing—in direct ratio with the ad-
vantages to be derived by others from their attainment, or by
themselves from their abandonment. Might not this be the case
with Mr. Windenough? In displaying anxiety for the breath of
which he was at present so willing to get rid, might I not lay
myself open to the exactions of his avarice? There are scoun-
drels in this world, I remembered with a sigh, who will not scru-
ple to take unfair opportunities with even a next door neighbor,
and (this remark is from Epictetus) it is precisely at that time
when men are most anxious to throw off' the burden of their own
calamities that they feel the least desirous of relieving them in
others.

Upon considerations similar to these, and still retaining my
grasp upon the nose of Mr. W., I accordingly thought proper to
model my reply.

“Monster!” I began in a tone of the deepest indignation,
“monster! and double-winded idiot!—dost them whom, for thine
iniquities, it has pleased heaven to accurse with a two-fold res-
piration—dost thou, I say, presume to address me in the familiar
language of an old acquaintance?—“I lie,” forsooth! and “hold
my tongue,” to be sure!—pretty conversation, indeed, to a gen-
tleman with a single breath!—all this, too, when I have it in my
power to relieve the calamity under which thou dost so justly
suffer—to curtail the superfluities of thine unhappy respiration.”

Like Brutus, I paused for a reply—with which, like a tornado,
Mr. Windenough immediately overwhelmed me. Protestation
followed upon protestation, and apology upon apology. There
were no terms with which he was unwilling to comply, and
there were none of which I failed to take the fullest advantage.

Preliminaries being at length arranged, my acquaintance de-
livered me the respiration; for which (having carefully examined
it) I gave him afterwards a receipt.

I am aware that by many I shall be held to blame for speak-
ing, in a manner so cursory, of a transaction so impalpable. It
will be thought that I should have entered more minutely into
the details of an occurrence by which—and this is very true—
much new light might be thrown upon a highly interesting branch
of physical philosophy.

To all this I am sorry that I cannot reply. A hint is the only
answer which I am permitted to make. There were circum-
stances—but I think it much safer upon consideration to say as
little as possible about an affair so delicate—so delicate, I repeat,
and at the same time involving the interests of a third party
whose sulphurous resentment I have not the least desire, at this
moment, of incurring.

We were not long after this necessary arrangement in effecting
an escape from the dungeons of the sepulchre. The united
strength of our resuscitated voices was soon sufficiently appa-
rent. Scissors, the Whig Editor, republished a treatise upon
“the nature and origin of subterranean noises.” A reply—
rejoinder—confutation—and justification—followed in the col-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

401

umns of a Democratic Gazette. It was not until the opening of
the vault to decide the controversy, that the appearance of Mr.
Windenough and myself proved both parties to have been deci-
dedly in the wrong.

 I cannot conclude these details of some very singular passages
in a life at all times sufficiently eventful, without again recalling
to the attention of the reader the merits of that indiscriminate
philosophy which is a sure and ready shield against those shafts
of calamity which can neither be seen, felt, nor fully understood.
It was in the spirit of this wisdom that, among the Ancient
Hebrews, it was believed the gates of Heaven would be inevita-
bly opened to that sinner, or saint, who, with good lungs and
implicit confidence, should vociferate the word "Amen” It
was in the spirit of this wisdom that, when a great plague raged
at Athens, and every means had been in vain attempted for its
removal, Epimenides, as Laertius relates in his second book of
that philosopher, advised the erection of a shrine and temple
"to the proper God.”	Littleton Barry.

To a Canary Bird.

Sweet little fairy bird,

Gentle Canary bird,

Beats not thy tiny breast with one regret?

Is it enough for thee
Ever, as now, to be
Caged as a prisoner, kissed as a pet?

Gay is thy golden wing,

Careless thy caroling,

Thou art as happy as happy can be:—

Singing so merrily,

Hast thou no memory
Of thy lost native isle over the sea?

Not the Hesperides,’

Floating on fabled seas,

Nothing in Nature, and nothing in song,

Match with the magic smile,

Which from thine own sweet isle
Hushes the heaving wave all the year long.

Summer and youthful Spring,

Blooming and blossoming,

Hand in hand, sister-like, stray through the clime.

There wert thou born, amid
Fruits colored like thee, hid
In the green groves of the orange and lime.

Then was the silver lute
Of the young maiden mute,

When, from the shade of her own cottage-eaves,

Rang first thy joyous trill,

While with a gentle thrill,

Though the breeze touched them not, trembled the leaves.

Thou, like a spirit come
From thy far island-home,

Seemest of sunshine and spring-time the voice:
Light-hearted is thy lay,

As on the lemon-spray,

Love, little singing bird, made thee rejoice.

For, from thy lady’s lip
Oft is it thine to sip

Sweetness which dwells not in fruit or in flower;

And when her shaded eye
Rests on thee pensively,

Moonlight was ne’er so soft silv’ring thy bower.

Likest to thee is love—

Never it cares to rove,

When its wild winglets feel beauty's control.

Would, little bird, that I
Might to thine island fly,

All, all alone with the girl of my soul!

There shouldst thou sing to us—

Tender and tremulous,

Happy our hearts with a love unexpressed.

Sweet little fairy bird,

Gentle Canary bird,

How wouldst thou be by that dear girl caressed.

William Gibson, U. S. Navy.

A College Reminiscence. 

During the month of July, in the year 183-, there were
some remarkably pleasant afternoons. I am not sure that this is
the most approved mode of opening a story, (?) but I speak of
the quality of the weather, because I think it well to start fairly
in this respect before giving affairs a local habitation and a name.
And I now prefix to the said “ afternoons,” “ in the renowned
city of Dorp, N. Y.” Good. There are three Colleges in Dorp;
but they compose but one institution. Tria juncta in uno. One
of these buildings is in the heart of the city, and the other two
are situate on the brow of a gentle acclivity some quarter of a
mile eastward, standing distant from each other a few rods, and
each being perhaps a hundred and fifty feet in length. In a
lower room, in one of these last named ones, on one of those
pleasant afternoons (the term fast drawing to its close) we sat,
chum Ben and myself, ostensibly intent upon our lessons, but in
fact sedulously laboring to maintain our eyes in a state of visi-
bility. The day was rather sultry, the sky and air hazy, and
nature seemed to have sunken into a repose as profound as that
of midnight. Not a sound was to be heard; and from our win-
dow we might have looked abroad over green fields, and wave-
less waters, and motionless groves, and sleepy houses, in the
dim distance, all composing a scene such as any glorious old
painter would have delighted to feast upon. It was a day to
rock asleep every faculty, mental and bodily. I was dozing in an
arm-chair by the window, and fast becoming insensible—when I
experienced a singular, though not unpleasant sensation, like
that of a swift translation to a vast distance. I opened my eyes,
and found myself by some mysterious means, in a great and mag-
nificently furnished apartment, surrounded by a host of officers
and retainers, all attired in a manner splendid beyond description,
all exhibiting signs of the most violent agitation, and all bending
their appalling looks upon myself alone.

Despite the abruptness of the transition, and the novelty of my
situation, I could not help inly marveling at the facility of the
change, as well as at the purpose of those by whom I was thus
circumvented—when suddenly burst upon my ear a crash, as of
a falling citadel, and one wild, prolonged, tremendous shout, like
that of ten thousand thousand men, rushing to some sanguinary
and merciless encounter. The whole vast edifice in an instan
appeared to tremble like an aspen, and then all again was still as
death. I gazed at those around me; and now their countenances
were strangely calm and rigid. I gazed—and gazed—and still I
saw the same fixed, unchanging, withering, glare of the myr-
midons. No word—no sound disturbed the sickening silence.
Each bore an unsheathed sword, and seemed as if only anxiously
awaiting some signal at which to hew me into a thousand pieces.
My wonder began to turn to mortal fear. I was entirely un-
armed; though, had I had a hundred stout soldiers at my back,

402

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

knew that resistance would be utterly fruitless. I made attempt
after attempt to speak, and each time my voice stuck in my
throat. I shook, I tottered, and was falling—when burst another
thunder sound, far louder than the first, and followed by a single,
soul-piercing scream, that ran through me like fire. My terrible
confronters raised a deafening shout, and rushed with one accord
from the room. But one remained; and he, apparently their
chief, advancing a few steps nearer me, cried, “Traitor, thy
doom is well nigh sealed. Thy foul conspiracy hath ripened,
hath broken forth, and will perchance subvert the throne. But
thou, thou at least, art a worthy precursor of thy master to the
grave!”

As I saw no manifestation on his part of an intention to be the
immediate fulfiller of his announcement, I essayed, (and this time
I accomplished it) to ask a solution of his words, and of the ter-
rible sights and sounds I had witnessed and heard. He deigned
no direct answer; but from his passionate and incoherent ejacu-
lations I was able to gather, that a most sudden and awful revolt
had broken out against the mightiest monarch of earth; that his
palace (in which I was) had been assailed, his guards butch-
ered, an entrance effected by the insurgents within the outer
walls, that the king was in his highest and innermost chamber,
barred and bolted—vain obstacle to the murderous onslaught of
such a murderous horde as was fast approaching!—and that I, I
was the proven machinator and maturer of the horrid plot. I
was terror-stricken, but perfectly aware of the uselessness of any
endeavor at explanation. All other thoughts and considerations
were merged in those of an inexpressibly intense fear and desire
of instant escape from my present torture.

Strange! but in the very depths of my despair, I resorted to
successful trickery. I gave a nervous leap, uttered a loud cry,
and, with the energy of one who hunted almost to the death, and
on the verge of utter hopelessness, sees a glimmer of possible
escape, I pointing to a spot directly behind my adversary, sueceeded in momentarily averting his face. I had observed a door
partially open, three or four feet to my left, and through it I now
flew with the rapidity of an arrow, closing it behind me. As it shut,
I distinctly heard a spring on the side where I stood, fasten it.
Thank God, I was safe from my more imminent tormentor. How
my heart quivered with the conviction!

I was in a long, dark, narrow passage, at the further extremity
of which gleamed a streak of faint, white light. As my way was
straight, I consumed little time in traversing the intermediate
space, and soon found myself in a small apartment, the walls of
which were cutup by apertures of all sizes, some of which admitted
light. I took the one opposite where I entered, and hurrying on
a short distance further, came to another and much more spacious
room; and so light that, coming into it suddenly, my eyes were
for a moment completely dazzled. I paused an instant to recover,
and then observed that I was at the bottom of a broad flight of
stairs, covered with the most brilliant carpeting. Involuntarily
elevating my sight, I looked up—and up—and far up those stairs,
which were of an almost incredible length, and sparkling all the
way with the same rich covering; and there, at the very edge of
the summit, in broad day, every feature distinctly visible, with
terrible mien, and his right hand upraised on high and grasping
a glittering battle-axe,—there, his gorgeous purple robes glowing
in the flood of light that burst upon and around him—there silent,
solitary, and like some surpassingly glorious minister of retribu-
tive justice—there towered that mighty monarch! I felt his
burning eye-glance; I almost heard the beating of his heart. I
perceived his recognition of me as his destroyer, and would have
bartered worlds, had they been at my disposal, for the ability to
stand beside him, and ease my bosom of the horrid load that was

crushing it. And I could not stir a finger! I tried to cry out—
to make a sign with my hand—but I was spell-bound and power-
less. With painful exertion I withdrew my gaze, and once more
looked about, to discover some avenue for flight; but in vain!
There was no aperture except that through which I had come.

I thought it better to starve and die in that gloomy passage, than
remain where I was; and was preparing again to seek it, when I
heard a far-off jarring noise, succeeded by the sound of footsteps
rapidly approaching. It flashed across me that my fearful enemy
had forced the door I had closed against him, and was coming
upon me where I could offer no show of resistance. I again
looked up—and again met the same dread monarch-terror, now
poising his upheaved axe in attitude to hurl it—the shadow of a
frown flitting athwart his noble countenance, and his eyes glisten-
ing with an expression of unmingled malignity. His form trem-
bled, his nostrils dilated, his lips parted; and, throwing further
back his right arm with the might of a giant, he launched at me
the awful missile! I saw him swing it once—twice—and oh!
how intolerably bright it gleamed!—thrice—and it was on its
descent.

Immediately before this, I had been in agony indescribable.
My memory was incoherent, almost to frenzy. Sometimes I
thought it might all be some dreamy illusion that would shortly
pass away. Then the emotions that swept across me with hor-
rid rapidity, chased away the thought, as the tornado whirls the
feather. Then, again, if I could remove but a very—very little, I
would be temporarily safe. And then came, nearer and more
near, distinctly, and more distinctly echoing, those fearful foot-
falls. All this of course transpired in a few seconds, intermediate
the first and last demonstrations of his fell intention; and there
it came, that axe—I saw its stream of glancing light—and on the
instant heard a short, shrill whistle, and then a cleaving crash
behind me. He had missed me!

Ha! I felt the presence of one I had so lately eluded. He was
upon me, and I durst not turn to meet him.

There—there once more pealed a last, terrible roar, like the
giant bellowings of a thousand thunders! It died away. And
he who now stood by my side, shouted—shouted out a laugh like
the laugh of a hell-fiend. The monarch-terror caught it up.
He laughed—and it sounded in my ears like the trumpet of doom.
It was caught up by hundreds, by thousands, by myriads, whom
I could not see, and who were, I could not guess where. My
anguish overpowered me, and I sank prostrate.

The concussion was severe. I awoke without delay, and as-
certained distinctly that I had made a descent upon the floor. Of
course I next arose; and on further examination learned that I
had undergone all these shocking vicissitudes in less than a half-
jhour. Next I naturally went to the window to take a view of
 things external—and the first objects that attracted my atten-
tion, were, a few feet directly below me, on the stone-
 pavement running the whole length of the College, (unusual
 sight!) the mangled remains of two particularly aged cane bot-
tomed chairs, beautifully locked together in death; a huge mass
 of tightly bound papers, an old table, (of yore covered with green
baize), two legs and part of the top of an antique bureau, and
some few other such like specimens of architecture; all which
had been gratuitously dismissed from further service by some
beneficent individuals in the fourth story. This curious compi-
lation had evidently been just made, and ten to one not yet re-
ceived its last accession. The noise unavoidably incident to its
formation, was the noise with which I had so recently been
stunned. The shouts, and the dread demoniacal laughter, had
been the hurrahs and cachinations of my friends above, as this
work progressed. I aroused my sleeping chum, and having

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

403

pointed out the condition of matters, began discussing the phi-
losophy of dreams. Telling him in few words, the most promi-
nent incidents of my own, and its seeming length, I was about to
hazard the opinion that I had not slept over five minutes—when
down came a supplemental chair to swell the aforesaid pile.

Now the monotony of the afternoon had been broken by some
few fellows above, with little previous ceremony, and less regard
for the sleepers below; and as the wherefore was at present
altogether inscrutable, and as a person in such a state of half
lethargy and indifference to anything that fails to appeal to the
auditories, is far more easily incensed than at other times, we
unanimously voted the whole affair a bore, and that an immediate
investigation be instituted. But crack came down again, rather
more obstreperously than their predecessors, another and a huge
table, and an antique hat. Again, slam bang—and there lay
ejected from another upper room, the skeleton of an unlucky
bedstead. Probably the first fall had been the result of accident;
but the affair had now assumed a very different aspect. Anon
descended a feather bed, cheered on by reiterated shouts. All
of the upper strata were aroused: and every one feeling it impera-
tive upon him to contribute his mite, cast out some piece of fur-
niture or another. It became a perfect storm of nondescripts—
papers, tables, chairs, benches, beds, bedsteads, book-cases,
hooks, bowls, pitchers, etc., and finally, as a close-up, from some
of the loftiest rooms, down came, with a crash upon the stones
just beside the heap, a massive Nott stove, shattered into fifty
pieces. It was amusing to observe the varied compound—and
still more so to see a flaming brand descend right into the midst,
and ignite it with a suddenness and facility that was surprising.
A finer victim for the fire can scarcely be conceived. I shall never
forget the curious scene. I suppose there was scarcely an indi-
vidual in all the front rooms, who had failed to help form the
structure—and all without the most remote idea of its ultimate
destination, and at the sacrifice too, of some articles that at any
other time could not have been well spared, it had been done in
an amazingly short time. No matter. Away blazed the fire, up
rolled the smoke in dense volumes; and the students now looked;
on in mute and grim satisfaction at the catastrophe of the drama.

Rattle, rattle, rattle, came the College engine, and puff, puff,
puff, came our major-domo, old Pat, and the mighty few unfortu-
nates whom he had pressed into the service, from afar, having 
presumed the occurrence of something quite horrible. Down
they bore, with a zeal most decidedly worthy a better cause;
till, turning a short angle, they came plumply upon the scene,
tugging and straining and blowing and hurraing in glorious
style. For a moment they seemed stupefied with a sense of the
ridiculous figure they were cutting; and I verily think they
would, had not some master-blow been struck, have unanimously
flung up their high trust, and vacated the premises. But Pat,
really no mean statesman in affairs of this sort, and kicking at
the prospective imputation of having been so taken in and done
for, took up the office of director-general with his most majestic
air. Calmly elevating his eyes, and looking envenomed daggers
at those grinning upon him from every window, he remarked,
loudly enough to be distinctly audible some indefinite distance
beyond the College, “that he was quite well advised, before
starting, of the nature of the fire; that he had come to save the
building from the destruction that certainly threatened it,” &c.;
and concluded with a vigorous exhortation for them to remit
their mirth, and aid in extinguishing the flames.

The reply was as ready as it was unequivocal; consisting of
divers streams of water, boots, shoes, tobacco-pipes, and a pro-
fuse aspersion of opprobrious epithets “too numerous to men-
tion.” However, as none of these materially harmed him, and

 as he saw that all hope of assistance was futile, he completed
 his engineering arrangements, and with his cohort began lustily
 playing away, much about the time when all that was con-
sumable had been consumed. Still he played away among the
embers, and finally succeeded in kicking up a cloud of steam and
ashes, and giving the last faint spark its everlasting quietus.
Which consummation attained, with a sudden twist of the pipe,
he bestowed upon ten or a dozen of the most uproarious lookers-
on, a sprinkling gratis, nervously observing “there.”

Some two or three Professors had by this time arrived; and,
in conformity to their suggestions, (the genial offspring of a few
moments’ grave and confidential conference,) Pat and his adjuncts
made a retrogressive movement—considerably more silent than
their onset. And soon after, the drenched fragments were
removed, the engine right carefully replaced, and the Professors
leisurely returned to their studies and the Students to their books,
and all was as tranquil as at the moment before the tumult.

The next recitations were remarked to be rather severe; and
the Tutors, laboring under an unusually onerous sense of their
responsibility, seized every convenient occasion to manifest their
partiality for well-recited lessons, and their reprobation of the
reverse. Still, like most other sublunary afflictions, this proved
to be but temporary. And as the “young gentlemen” made for
a season somewhat closer application than common, soon all things
went on as ever before, and the affair was forgotten.

*****

And those days are gone—are passed away, forever and for-
ever. And other footsteps cross those thresholds—other voices
sound within those walls—other tenants be there of those well-
remembered rooms. And between those who were wont to meet
in one small recitation room, day after day, month after month,
year after year—between them now, broad-cast over God’s great
earth, do mountains rise, and oceans roll, and silent deserts
spread. And of the old Professors, some are gone; and their
places are filled by strangers—no doubt as kind, no doubt as
competent, but yet not the same! Much, very much is changed.
Still, could the class of 183- be once again convened in the old
chapel as of yore, every member in his same old seat, how would
their hearts heave with a multitude of undefinable feelings, and
the tear start at the up-gushing tide of holiest memories!

R. S. Rowley.

The Enternal Father

Suggested by a picture, entitled thus, by Guercino, which hangs
in the Brignole palace at Genoa.

I.

A hoary old man—old exceedingly,

But not distinguished otherwise from all
Men aged—wanting not in dignity,

Nor yet sublime nor supernatural:

An old man—brooding blindly o’er a ball
Held in the hollow of an angel’s hand:

A painting—who or what the original?

Some seer or wizard gray without his wand?

The “Eternal Father!”—whom are we to understand?

II.

Why, God the Father! Holiest and Most High!

Where Christ the son is pictured I have been,—

Have seen, irradiate with divinity,

Like lustrous shrines illumined from within,

His mortal form and face and godlike mien,—

Have seen, and felt my lip grow tremulous,:

404

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

And scarce could see for tears:—it were a sin
To gaze unmoved. But this is impious—

Worse than absurd to paint Pervading Power thus!

III.

Conceptions so dishonoring the Ideal
Well may the poet chasten with his rod:—

Embodying under signs of Age the real
On the imagined attributes of God!

Up to the loftiness, of His abode,

Lonely though large as space, thought dare not climb!
None tread His courts who are not seraph-shod!

Yet there, even there, ’twould seem, the touch of Time
Palsies His power—Himself Eternity sublime!

IV.

A shadowing forth of what is shadowless—

Of a pure spirit, unlike visible light,

Yet whence the day-spring and the beams which bless
Earth with its all of beautiful and bright,

Have emanated—which, when all was night,

Said “Let there be light and there was light!” Lo!

Doth it not burst here, sun-like, on your sight?

Is it not glowing in this picture? No!

Let live thy lightning, Heaven! or bend thy beauteous bow!

V.

Hence with the thing! for Him the sunbeam’s finger
Could draw not in the hues of morn and even:

Yet would I on the theme a moment linger.

We see revealings in the light and leven:

But when the veil from earth and sky is riven,

And we stand bodiless in Eternity,

Shall we not gaze upon, in midmost Heaven,

In spirit, face to face and eye to eye,

The living God and live?—The Soul can never die!

VI.

God was in the beginning and before:

And we with Him are co-existent—we
Flow from the fountain, and forevermore
Shall swell the waters of the mighty sea,

Which rolls and circles to infinity!

We are the sons of God:—all spirits are
Of one pure essence, though obscured they be!

With wings that bore us hither from afar
We shall go heavenward hence, as fleets the Morning Star.

Wm. Gibson, U. S. Navy.

Critical Notices.

Letters and Speeches of Oliver Cromwell. By Thomas Carlyle.

In 2 vols. New York: Wiley & Putnam.

A most valuable work this is—from the intrinsic merit of the
letters and speeches it contains, and not from the rhapsodical,
really run-mad comments of Carlyle. Yet, even with this addi-
tion, the work is a desirable one. No published memoirs, that
we have yet seen, so clearly exhibit the man Cromwell, the
hold, iron-willed ruler, as these transcripts of his inner soul.
Now, that attention is called to the man and his times, by the
discussion concerning the propriety or impropriety of placing his
statue in the new Parliament House of England, his letters and
speeches become of a double interest.

The character and purposes of Cromwell seem to have been as
singularly misunderstood as those of the third Richard. Crom-
well was an ambitious, bold and unscrupulous man, who
changed through circumstances. At first he was a republican,
and bent his whole energies and his giant intellect—giant even
among the intellectual Anakims of that day—to achieve a model

commonwealth. But, once obtaining power, he naturally grew
to be a tyrant. He was, for all that, a good king, so far as the
external interests of the country were concerned; and his politic
administration of public affairs contrasts favorably with that of
any king who preceded or followed him on the English throne.
We call him “king,” for, lord protector only in name, he was
monarch in fact.

We always esteemed Cromwell the more for the manner in
which he routed that scum of hypocritical rascals, the Rump
Parliament. It is a pity for his memory that a man like Carlyle
should have engaged in the edition of his letters and speeches,
and we recommend readers to note only the text of the book be-
fore us, and let the comments alone.

The volume is very neatly got up, as all of the series—Library
of Choice Reading—of which it forms a part, are.

The Pilgrim in the Shadow of the Jungfrau. By Geo. B. Chee-
ver, D. D. New York and London: Wiley & Putnam.

Dr. Cheever dedicates his book to Richard H. Dana, whom he
calls, in the dedication, “the poet of ‘Daybreak’”—why, we
cannot for our life conceive. The book itself is Cheeverish—if
we may coin a phrase—in the extreme. It has a great deal of de-
scriptive merit, is full of blunders of composition, and abuses the
Catholics right roundly. The quotations made, and frequently
introduced, show considerable taste.

The Lady of Milan, or Fidelity unto Death. Edited by Mrs.
Thomson, Author cf “ Widows and Widowers,” “ Ragland
Castle,” “ The Chevalier,” Ifc., life. New York: Harper & Bro-
thers, 82 Cliff street.

A work abounding with stirring incidents and some force.
The characters are very well made out. If our memory serves
us right in this matter, this book is a rather free translation
of “Marguerite Pusterhla”—a work which appeared in the num-
bers of “L’Illustration,” a year or two since. We liked it in its
French and scarcely like it less in the present shape.

Blackwood’s Edinburgh Magazine, for December.—New York:
Leonard Scott & Co.

This is the American reprint. The present number contains
Marlborough, Part II.—The Student of Salamanaca, Part II.—
White’s Three Years in Constantinople—The Mountain and the
Cloud—The Second Pandora—The Reign of George the Third—
Passages concerning Omens, Dreams, Appearances, &c.—A
Mother to her Forsaken Child—Summer Noontide—To Clara—
Seclusion—The Last Hours of a Reign—and the Scottish Har-
vest The papers are remarkably dull, and the poetry especially
bad.

Harper's Illuminated Bible, No. 46.

This number contains the conclusion of the Gospel of St. John
and the commencement of the Acts of the Apostles. We have
already exhausted words of commendation in noticing this really
standard and elegant work.

“The Aristidean for November.”

“The Aristidean for December,” by Thomas Dunn English and
numerous collaborators.

These two numbers have been lying on our table for some
time, and we have not been able to give them a proper notice.
The November number contains some especially bold and racy
articles—among the rest, a stirring tale called “Ferrando the
Avenger.” The poetry is not so good as usual, which is a pity,
as the “Aristidean” has hitherto held an unquestionable pre-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

405

eminence in that way. There is a queer paper, “The Dearborn
Poems,” which contains some piquant satire. The article on
“ American Poetry,” is very biting, but, unfortunately, very true.
There is a very able and dignified article “On the Penalty of
Death.” The book notices are spirited and independent, and the
remaining articles are above the mass of magazine papers, in
quality. One of these we extract below; we believe it to be
from the pen of Herrman S. Saroni. It is, unquestionably, very
original, in conception and execution.

THE SELF-PERFORMERS.

“Bravo! bravissimo!” cried the audience, as they left the
concert-room of the Conservatoire at Milan. A symphony, by
a new master, had just been performed. The public had ex-
pected nothing; and so much were they surprised at the beauty
of the new composition, that after an hour of intense silence,
they could vent nothing but ejaculations of delight. The young
master, himself, yet sat pondering over the score of his favorite
creation. He had, at length, accomplished his long-cherished
object. A composition of his own had been performed, with
distinguished success, before a critical and intelligent audience.
Intoxicated with success, and yet dizzy from the thunders of
applause, he read the score over and over again, with intense
admiration. His eye beamed with pleasure, and all his troubles
seemed forgotten. He blessed the old schoolmaster who had
beaten counterpoint into him. With deep pleasure he brought
to mind the petty strife with his little Mary, who, when he was
tired of the study of music, always urged him to renewed exer-
tion. “Oh! Mary,” thought he, “were you only here to
witness the triumph of your Carlo.” He was interrupted in his
musing by a strain of his symphony, which he thought he heard
in the distance. “I must be mistaken,” said he, “it is the air
through a half-opened window, sighing against the instruments
around me. Hark! another strain. It is the adagio of the first
part, coming nearer and nearer. I can now hear the different
instruments distinctly.”

It was indeed an attempt to perform the adagio of the sym-
phony. A rustling was heard in the orchestra. The musicians
had left their instruments behind; and the forgotten things chose
to have a little performance on their own hook. While the horns
and trumpets were getting out of their chests, the flute was con-
versing with the oboe and clarionet, the fagotti gave his opinion
of the merit of the composition—trying a snatch of it now and
then—and even the piccolo, spoke up at the highest pitch of his
voice. Next, the contrabasso, first in a gentle murmur, then in
a serious grumble, and at last, in quite angry thunder, reproached
them with mutilating the work of his favorite composer. Sup-
ported by the violins, violoncellos and violas, he at last gained
the desired point over the assembled wind-instruments; and they
ail agreed to perform the symphony over again, under the direc-
tion of the venerable double-bass, himself. They yielded, on
the condition that one of the first-violins should assist in the
direction. The instruments were tuned, the double-bass placed
himself at the leader’s stand, and a first-violin part served as a
partition. The baton was raised, and with a tremendous crash,
the orchestra fell in.

The flutes, clarionet and fagotti, first played a passage in in-
verted chords and double-harmonies. “Double-bass!” cried the
leader, after a few minutes—A, D, E, F; but no double-bass was
to be found.

“Ha, ha, ha!” chuckled the oboe, “does the fool think that
some one else will play his part? As for me, I shall not, for
one; but perhaps the piccolo will be kind enough to do the job.”
But the piccolo was too high in pitch, the bassoon had plenty of
solos himself, the violoncello was too weak, the corni could not
play the chromatic scale, and the trombone was altogether too
loud. A general confusion ensued, and the whole affair had like
to have been broken up, when a tap by the leader brought all to
order again.

“Gentlemen,” said he to the orchestra, “I forgot, when I
undertook to lead, that l could not play at the same time. But it will never do to give it up so,’ and we must find means to
perform this symphony in a manner worthy of ourselves.”

“Bravo! bravo!” was the reply of the orchestra.

“If that stupid old fool had sense enough to take a part, all
would go well yet,” said the bassoon, pointing to a venerable,
worn-out double-bass, who rested on the laurels he had won in
former years.

The composer, trembling all the while for the fate of his dar-
ling symphony, no sooner perceived the old double-bass in the
corner, than seizing the first bow he could find, he grasped the
“stupid old fool,” by the neck, and took a stand near the vio-
loncello.

“Bravo! bravo!” screamed the orchestra. The leader turned
round, nodded his approbation, and rapping with his baton on
the tin, called out—“Symphony da capo!”

The introduction and first allegro were now performed. All
went on well, except that the oboe and the flute quarreled on a
fortissimo passage, because the flute found the oboe rather too
noisy and harsh.

“Bravissimo, young man,” said the double-bass to the young
maestro. “It is a pity you had not stronger nerves; what a
capital double-bass you would make.”

“How beautifully he has written this passage for me,-’ said
the clarionet.

“He writes for me almost as well as I could for myself,” said
the saucy piccolo.

The instruments were tuned again, and at a signal from the
leader they resumed their proper position. The violins leaned
against the music-stands, the trombone hung itself on a chande-
lier, the violoncello rested on a small bench, and the others chose
such positions as best suited their inclinations. The andante
began with two corni, followed in succession by the fagotto, oboe
and flute. The oboe came in one bar too soon, but a gentle
thump from the fagotto reminded her of her whereabouts, and set
all right again. The theme began by the corni, was carried
through by the different instruments, and ended with a crescendo
de crescendo on the drums. No ! no! there are the stringed-in-
struments, with three chords pizzicato. Another pleasant nod
from the leader was the reward of the composer, from whom the
perspiration now ran in a stream.

“Hurrah for the scherzo” cried the trumpets; “plenty of
work there for us.”

“Hurrah for the scherzo P’ responded the violins, “our fingers
will have no time to freeze, there.”

“ Hurrah for the scherzo blasted the trombone.

“Hurrah!” groaned the double-bass from the leader’s stand.
The scherzo began. All went on peaceably for a short time
until the flute, thinking the piccolo was out of time, gave the
latter a kick, which sent him half-a-dozen yards from the stand.
But the piccolo took his part with him, and getting a stand near
the violins, screamed away to his heart’s delight. His new
neighbors, unaccustomed to such a noise in their vicinity, got
angry; and a pinch in the sides from one of them, completely
overturned the piccolo’s ideas of high and low. The unfortunate
wight ran from one place to another, in despair, though never
omitting to take his part with him, and play, whenever he thought
it his turn. At length he popped into one of the holes of the
double-bass, and thus protected from the persecutions of his com-
rades, reflected on his singular in the belly of a double-bass, like
that of Jonah in the inside of the whale. But if he thought
himself safe here from persecution, he was mistaken; for not a
minute had elapsed, when in peeps the head of the oboe, and the
body soon followed.

“All safe here, brother piccolo?” inquired the new-comer.

“All right, sister oboe,” answered the other; “but how, in the
devil’s name, did you come here?”

“In the same manner as I shall send you out, presently, if you
do not behave yourself.”

“Well, I had a great mind to laugh, when I saw you squeez-
ing yourself through that hole there, an aperture almost too
narrow for my slender figure; but a passage I had to play, in
octaves, with the flute, just then prevented me.”

“And very well for you,” said the oboe, “or you would not
have enjoyed this place, snug enough for even decent people, like
myself. Now, sir, look to your part, and disturb me no more.”
They both played on for some time, when the oboe had sixty
bars rest. “Come, brother,” affectionately said the oboe, “let
me tell you what sent me to keep company with a screamer like
you, in this accursed place, where the most sentimental passages
sound like the voices of demons from the infernal regions.”

“I cannot say that of myself,” replied the piccolo. “I think
they know out there where my domicile is.”

“Ah!” exclaimed the oboe, “there is my turn again. Not for
the world could I miss a single note of that symphony, for I mean
to make that young fellow, its author, write a concerto for me.”
The next rest for the oboe gave her a chance to continue her
narration, for the piccolo was then as busy as a bee. It appeared

406

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

that the trombone, who, as we have stated, had hung himself on
a chandelier, thought he heard a wrong note. He listened atten-
tively, but could discover nothing, until the oboe, playing a pas-
sage out of time, he could distinguish her voice easily; and such
playing was more than he could bear. His blood boiled with
rage; but he reserved his revenge for a more favorable opportu-
nity. Presently a fortissimo passage gave him a fine chance, and
with a tremendous blast, he sent the oboe—poor thing! heels
over head, against the violoncello. The blast was so powerful,
that she rebounded; but, most unfortunately, leaped right into
the funnel of the horn. This, of course, threw a damper on the
spirits of that instrument, and lowered it a semi-tone in pitch.
Enraged at what it deemed to be a malicious trick, the horn
played with double force, until the oboe was driven out, and
sent, by a strong blast, right into the arms of the drum, and such
a flogging as it received there, one cannot imagine. A fortissimo
tremolo gave a good chance to the drum to take revenge for those
tricks, played him by the oboe, on many occasions. Breathless
and exhausted, our poor sufferer at last found a shelter inside of
the double-bass.

The violins, violoncello and double-bass, had no time to carry
on a quarrel. Besides, they found it far beneath their dignity to
mingle with the common crowd, since it was their duty to main-
tain the reputation of the orchestra. But the flutes, clarionets,
second oboe, corni, trombones and trumpets had a jolly time of
it. The trombone tried to drown the voices of all the others;
hut, at the first chance, they combined against him, and nothing
was heard of the trombone. At one time, he grew very angry,
for he thought that the drum had spoiled the effect of a beautiful
passage where he could blast ad libitum. So he took a long
draught, on playing the double e’s, and tried to hit the sticks of
the drum; but the latter was prepared for him, and, with one
stick, took the other and hurled it at the trombone. The latter,
bewildered with fright, threw the stick at the leader on the
stand, and just then the scherzo ended. And none need suppose
the scherzo to have been a failure; for this quarreling took place
in the proper place, as the composer wrote forte, fortissimo, piano
or pianissimo in the score, and all the fighting was done in the
rests that occurred.

The scherzo being over, the oboe peeped out of one hole,
and the piccolo out of the other; and encouraged by the benig-
nant smiles of the stringed-instruments, ventured to return to
their old places. The first bassoon taking them under his special
protection, they were easily reconciled to the trombone and the
rest. The leader returned the stick to the drum, the first violin
put on a new E string, and in a few minutes all were ready to
continue. Prestissimo was the appendix to the last part of the
symphony; but the leader thought that presto, under existing
circumstances, was as much as they were capable to do. The
baton again sounded on the tin; and away they all went, tearing
everything with them, in their eagerness to do justice to the
spirit of the composition. The corni were the first, who—after
playing a beautiful passage in 6-8 time, gave in—the trombones
soon followed—and the trumpets, after a brilliant fanfare, with
drum accompaniment, bade good-bye to the rest, and returned to
their respective chests. The piccolo played on until entirely out
of breath, and then fell, like a lump of lead, on the ground.
Flutes, clarionets, oboes and bassoons bore up bravely; hut they
could not resist the supernatural power which hurried them on to
the yawning abyss—the end of the symphony. One more shriek,
and they were silent as the grave. The stringed-instruments
al one were now masters of the field. Encouraged by an occa-
sional bravo from the leader, they fiddled and fiddled until a
tremolo fortissimo set them raving mad, and an arpeggio chord
put an end to their dominion. The leader laid down his baton,
and fell in the arms of the young composer; and the latter, with
the score in one hand, a bow in the other, and a double-bass on
each side of him, was found the next morning by his alarmed
friends.

We shall notice the December number next week, making it
the basis of an article upon magazines.

Azthene.

A sound melodious shook the breeze,

When thy beloved name was heard;

Such was the music in the word,

Its dainty rhythm the pulses stirred;

But passed, forever, joys like these.

There is no joy, no light, no day.

But black despair, and night alway,

And thickening gloom—

And this, Azthene, is my doom.

Was it for this, for weary years,

I strove among the sons of men,

And by the magic of my pen—

Just sorcery—walked the lion’s den
Of slander, void of tears and fears—

And all for thee? For thee, alas!

As is the image on a glass,

So baseless seems,

Azthene, all my early dreams.

Thomas Dunn English.

The Drama.

Park Theatre.—Amilie, with the Seguins, Frazer and Dela-
vanti, has been performed at the Park during the past week. So
soon as the drama succeeds the opera, we have some critical re-
marks to make upon the theatrical company attached to the
establishment. Luckily, the contemplated performance of
Richard the Third will afford us full scope.

Bowery.—Putnam, and dramas of that nature, occupy the
attention of the patrons of this establishment, and crowded
houses attest the tact of the management.

Olympic.—Mitchell continues to draw by his light pieces,
and has of late produced some laughable novelties.

Chatham.—The chief attractions here are of the same nature
as at the Bowery, and with the same results. There are one or
two members of the stock company here who deserve especial
notice—Mrs. Jones, for instance. She is an actress of positive
merit in any character she assumes.

Our notices of the city theatres are necessarily brief in this
number, in consequence of the change of publishers. Our re-
marks will be more extended in future.

Mr. Crisp and Mrs. Mowatt are still playing at Charleston
with great success.

Our old favorite, Chippendale, with Conner and Mr. and Mrs.
Skerrett, are at the St. Charles, New Orleans.

Mrs. H. Hunt is still at Albany, performing at the Museum.

The Museum at Boston is a very popular resort. Miss Kirby
is the rage at present. Mary Ann Lee is at the Athenæum.

At the Vaudeville Theatre, St. Louis, a Miss Kate Meadows
is performing with success.

The Keans are at the Chesnut-street Theatre, Philadelphia.

Miss Clifton is performing at Cincinnati.

The Fine Arts.

Mr. Fontana has postponed his Concert to Saturday, January
3. He will be assisted by Demoiselle Korsinski and Mr. Philipp
Mayer. We have not heard Mr. F., but the opinion of those
who are well able to judge is, that he is one of the most chaste
players that ever have been in this country. His portrait does
nor adorn the windows of the music stores in Broadway, it is true,
nor have his friends presented him with a Biography of himself on
his departure from Europe:—the ever-ready volunteer in white kid
gloves has not even offered him his services yet, but, for all that,
we do believe him a good pianist. Chapin, the celebrated com-
poser and pianist, has dedicated to him several of his waltzes,
and it is well known that these favors are not lavished in Europe

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

407

upon every one who chooses to accept them. Mr. Fontana himself
is the author of several beautiful compositions, and as he in-
tends to settle here as a teacher of music, we wish him the best
success in his profession.

The Herald of Monday last has a long article about Balfe’s
“Bohemian Girl,"  the whole amount of which is, that the new
is not good and the good is not new. We agree entirely with
the Herald, only we are astonished that the writer should have
come to this conclusion after the Bohemian Girl had been per-
formed in this city more than forty times.

We have seen a new improved edition of the celebrated Ger-
man song, “Ilerz mein llcrz, warum so traurig.” It is pub-
lished with English words by Jonas B. Phillips, Esq., and a
mistake most unfortunately occurred on the title page, for it says,
“composed by Benjamin S. Hart."  We suppose it should have
been "arranged," and we advise Mr. Hart to alter that as soon
as possible, for it would only convey a poor opinion of Mr. H.’s
capacities as a composer, whose pieces, until now, if not always
good, were at least original.

A monument at the corner of 10th street and Broadway
attracted our attention by something like the shape of a Square-
Piano which surmounted a brief inscription. We think this is
the first time that the Pianoforte came to the honor to be repre-
sented on a tomb-stone. The monument is intended for Mr.
Coleman, the inventor of the celebrated “Pollan Attachment."
If that monument could only revive the interest for the attachment
as it does the memory of its inventor, all would be well; but it
seems that even sooner than we expected, the public found out
that some one, either the proprietor of the patent right, or the
public in general was to be humbugged.

Mr. Burke, the violinist, played at the Concert of the Boston
Philharmonic Society on Saturday last.

Mrs. Valentine Mott is going to Italy some time in the en-
suing year. We have not the least doubt, that one quarter’s
instruction from the best Italian masters will do her voice more
good than all the criticisms of New York papers for years to come.

Rooke’s opera, “Amilie,” is now being performed at the Park
theatre. The powers of the troupe seem to us rather inefficient
for this opera, but we may be mistaken.

The Italian Opera will be revived again by English artists.
How funny.

The Oratorio Jephtha, already mentioned in a former number
of the Broadway Journal, will be brought out at last. Mr. John
Hewitt is the composer of it.

Mons. Collinet, a distinguished flageolet player, will give a
concert shortly.

The German Opera is dead. There was some talk of its resus-
citation, but it appears to have been unfounded. In the mean-
while the newspapers are making merry over the fact that they
were not paid for their advertisements. No cause of mirth—one
would suppose—but it evidences a great deal of philosophy.
Palmo, who also suffers, it would appear, does not bear his mis-
fortunes with so much philosophy.

The French Operatic Troupe, with Md’lle Calvé, Madame
Coeuriot—Stephen, Messieurs Bressiani, Desonville and Mon-
tassier, are still at the Orleans Theatre. They are performing,
among others, Halevy's “Heine de Chypre," and Auber’s “Domino
Noir." They appear very wisely to confine themselves to
operas, which are favorites with the public, and give a variety,
which is, after all, exactly what the public want

I thought Kit North a bore—in 1824—

I find the thought alive—in 1845.

The Advice of “Twenty”

I traced a name on sand,

The backward wave left bare;

There melted music on the strand,

And ’twas no longer there:

I breathed on burnished steel—

It shone undimmed again:

I touched one heart—that heart could feel,

But only thus retain:

This is love—such is life—

Woo not woman for a wife!

Let passion not imprint
With truth affections frail;

Let feeling flush as faint a tint
As warms the tea-rose pale.

Fondly, while fancy-free,

Kneel—but beware the blight
Of woman’s charms, if, worshiped, she
True love will not requite.

This is love—love without
Its distraction, danger, doubt.

The Greeks of rare perfume,

Of richest colorings,

Dreamed—and behold! the boy-god’s bloom—

The child with changeful wings!

Mine be young Cupid’s power,

Love’s pinion, not his dart;

To drink the nectar from the flower
With an unpoisoned heart:

This is love—love more pure
May but in the heavens endure.

Editorial Miscellany.

The Broadway Journal may be obtained in the City of New
York of the following agents: Taylor, Astor House; Crosby,
Exchange, William street; Graham, Tribune Buildings; Lock-
wood, Broadway and Grand; and Burgess & Stringer, Ann and
Broadway.

A very few sets of the first volume are still for sale at the
office, 304 Broadway.

VALEDICTORY.

Unexpected engagements demanding my whole attention,
and the objects being fulfilled,"so far as regards myself person-
ally, for which “ The Broadway Journal” was established, I now,
as its editor, bid farewell—as cordially to foes as to friends.

Mr. Thomas H. Lane is authorized to collect all money due
the Journal.

Edgar A. Poe.

One of the most wonderful pieces of mechanism ever produced
through mental conception is now exhibiting at Philadelphia, and
will be shortly to be shown in this city. We allude to the speak-
ing automaton of Herr Faber—an invention, after seventeen years
of labor, almost perfected by the ingenious inventor. It is not
a machine to labor through easy words of two syllables, indis-
tinctly made out at that. It enunciates distinctly, at the will of
the performer, any words or combinations of words; and can
even sing, in perfect imitation of a man. It has excited the at-
tention of scientific men at Philadelphia; and their investigation
has led them to implicit belief in its merits as a work of art.

408

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Professor Patterson and Dr. Goddard, savans of note in our sister
city, introduced it, a few evenings since, to the public—the latter
accompanying the introduction with a brief lecture on acoustics
It is managed, externally, somewhat likә a piano. There are
fourteen keys, each having a simple sound; and from these and
their combinations all the other sounds proceed. Mr. Faber has
determined that five vowel and nine consonant sounds are suf-
ficient for the correct enunciation of any words in the English
language. The consonants are b, d,f, g l, r, s, v and w, and the
consonants a, e, i, o and u. There are two extra keys—one for
the aspirate, the other for the nasal sounds. The mechanism is
so perfect that the lips of the figure move and its nostrils expand
naturally, as it speaks. The performer sits at his apparent piano,
and plays out the conversation of the automaton. The voice has,
however, a rather dry, sepulchral sound; but, as Professor Pat-
terson remarked, “India rubber is not flesh”—not a very original
idea, to be sure, but explanatory enough.

Mr. Faber exhibited this machine—not so perfect then as now

—in this city and in Philadelphia, three years since. Unknown

as he was, and having no scientific men to stand as sponsors to
him, the invention was pronounced to be a deceit, although re-
flection would have convinced all those with power to reflect that
deception was out of the question. So discouraged was Faber
by his ill-fortune, that he burned his machine in utter despair.
We believe he was even on the point of committing suicide, when
Mr. Scherr, a kind-hearted piano manufacturer of Philadelphia,
struck with the merit of the invention, rendered him assistance,
and encouraged him in every way to reconstruct a more perfect
automaton. The result is before the public; and we venture to
say, that the people of New York will flock in delighted num-
bers—when the opportunity is afforded them—to view this cu-
rious triumph of human ingenuity.

There remains only one achievement—a machine to think.

JOHN H. GENIN,

FASHIONABLE HAT AND CAP ESTABLISHMENT,

21-1 Broadway.

JOHN BURFORD,

PORTRAIT AND LANDSCAPE PAINTER.

27 Dey Street.

DENTISTRY.

DOCT. H. E. SCHOONMAKER, Dental Surgeon, Office, 44G
Houston st., two doors from Broadway—opposite St. Thomas’
Church.	

Doct. S.’s experience and skill in his profession give him confi-
dence in asserting that his operations are unsurpassed by any Den-
tist in this city. Dr. S.’s manner of inserting artificial teeth varies
in many essential points from the usual mode; and his success in
pleasing all, he is happy to say, has brought him many difficult
cases, which had been unsuccessfully treated by Dentists of estab-
lished professional reputation, and whose prices for the same opera-
tion were double his own. The object in inserting artificial teeth
is to supply the deficiency occasioned by the loss of natural teeth,
both in regard to utility, comfort in wearing, and natural appear-
ance. In all these points, Dr. S.’s manner is pre-eminent. His
mechanical tact and ingenuity have enabled him to surmount many
obstacles, which have long, with the profession generally, impeded
the path to success in every operation. He makes use of the best
materials in all his operations—and in cases where the gum has
fallen away by absorption, (which is always the case, more or less,
when teeth have been extracted,) which causes a contraction of the
lips and cheeks, the disfigurement of which cannot be fully obviated
without adopting the artificial gums, which will supply the de-
ficiency, and give to the mouth its usual redundancy—besides, their
beauty and natural appearance render detection impossible.

Dr. S. would be happy to refer those who require it, to many of
the best families in this City, in which he has practised.

Ladies who desire it, can have their teeth examined at their resi-
dences, by sending their address as above.	nov8—9t

We should say, perhaps, there has remained; for certain books
lately printed induce us to believe that some people think by a
machine. By that, if it exist, and this wonderful reproduction
of Roger Bacon’s brazen head, stump speakers and advocates can
be provided at short notice for our political gatherings and our
court ofs justice.

N. C. Brooks, A. M., of Baltimore, well known as a terse and
vigorous writer, as well as a poet of much absolute power and
refined taste, has lately been rendering substantial service to edu-
cation, by preparing a series of works for the use of schools and
colleges. Encouraged by the popularity of those already pre-
pared, his publishers have issued a prospectus, which will be
found in our advertising columns, for a series of Greek and Latin
classics. From our knowledge of Mr. Brooks’s thorough classi-
cal acquirements and nicely correct judgment, we have full con-
fidence in the success of the undertaking, and its consequent
podularity.

We regret to observe that N. P. Willis and Geo. P. Morris—
well known as “mi-boy and the Brigadier,” as well as by their
literary works, have retired from the “Evening Mirror.” Mr.
Fuller, however, remains, and will, no doubt, make a useful, as—
we are happy to learn on good authority it is a prosperous—
paper.

The last picture of Leutze brought to this country—“The
landing of the Northmen,” was bought by the celebrated connois-
seur, Mr. Towne, of Philadelphia, for eighteen hundred dollars.
It was painted for the late E. L. Carey, but on his decease Mr.
Towne, who is one of our most liberal and discerning patrons of
art, obtained it.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER, 88, 90, and 92 Walker
Street, near Elm. A large stock of the finest instruments
always on hand. Terms moderate. For Sale—a splendid Harp,
nearly new—to be sold at a great bargain for cash.

PENMANSHIP,

EE-OPENING OF GOLDSMITH’S WRITING ACADEMY,
289 Broadway—La Farge Buildings, Corner of Reade street.
Terms reduced to 'Three Dollars, and no extra charge.

Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully informs the citizens of New
York and Brooklyn, that his rooms are now open, during the day
and evening, for Pupils and Visitors. Mr. G’s. specimens of
PENMANSHIP

have received the First Premium Five Years, from the American
Institute, and he guarantees to all, in TEN EASY AND INTER-
ESTING EXERCISES, a free and elegant style of writing, that
the pupils cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice.

For sale, at the Academy, GOLDSMITH’S GEMS OF PEN-
MANSHIP.

Ladies’ Class meets daily at 11 o’clock. Gentlemen’s day and
evening. See circular.	s18

WEDDING, VISITING, AND PROFESSIONAL CARDS
Engraved and Printed at VALENTINE’S, 1 Beekman-st.
Lovejoy’s Hotel.

G. B. CLARKE,

MERCHANT TAILOR, (from rundage, Broadway,) No. 132
William Street, 3 doors from Fulton, N. Y.

Dress Coat, from $12 00 to $20 00 Making and Trimming.
Pants,	“	2	50	to	8	00	Dress Coat,	from $6 00	to $9	00

Vests,	"	1	50	to	4	50	Pants,	“ 1 50	to 2	00

Vests,	“ 1 50	to 2	00

N. B. Seasonable SACK COATS, VESTS, See., always on hand,
from $1 50 upwards.	nov8—3m

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

409

NEW BOOKS,	|

TO BE PUBLISHED BY

MESSRS. WILEY & PUTNAM,

IN DECEMBER.

I.

Carlyle’s new Work. The Letters and Speeches of Oliver Crom-
well, with Elucidations, by Thomas Carlyle, in 2 vols. 8 vo., with
Portrait, engraved by F. Hall from an original by Cooper, in the
possession of Archdeacon Berners. Also, 2 vols. 16 mo., in the
 "Library of Choice Headings.”

II.

Stories from the Italian Poets, being a summary in Prose of the
Poems of Dante, Pulci, Bolardo, Ariosto, and Tasso, with comments
throughout, occasional passages versified, and Critical Notices of
the Lives and Genius of the Authors. By Leigh Hunt, 16mo.

III.

The Book of Christmas. By T. K. Hervey.

IV.

Views and Reviews in American History, Literature, and Art.
By W. Gilmore Simms.

V.

The Alps and the Rhine. By J. T. Headley.

VI.

Mrs. Southey's Poems. The Birth-day, and other Poems—Sol-
itary Hours. By Caroline Southey, 2 vols. l6mo.—(Shortly.)

VII.

The Author of “ Undine.” Theiodolf the Icelander. By La
Motte Fouque, l6mo.

VIII.

Tales from the German of Zschokke, second series. Illumina-
tion ; or, the Sleep Walker—The Broken Cup—Jonathan Frock
— The Involuntary Journey—Leaves from the Journal of a Poor
Curate in Wiltshire. By Parke Godwin.

IX.

The Vicar of Wakefield.—An edition on superior paper, with
choice Illustrations by Mulready.

JUST PUBLISHED.

The Life of the Great Condi. By Lord Mahon, forming Nos.
XXXIV. and XXXV. of “The Library of Choice Reading."
dec 4	WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

PAINE & BURGESS, 62 J0HN STREET.

HAVE lately published—

1.	The Artist, Merchant and Statesman, 2 vols. 12mo.

2.	Trippings in Authorland, by Fanny Forrester, 12mo.

3.	Songs and Ballads, by Geo. P. Morris, 32mo. gilt.

4.	Prariedom; Rambles and Scrambles in Texas, or New Estre-
madura, with a Map, by a Southron, 1 vol. 12mo.

5.	Autobiography of Alfieri, 1 vol. 12mo.

6.	Citizen of a Republic, by Ceba, 1 vol. 12mo.

7.	Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli, 2 vols. 12mo.

8.	Challenge of Barletta, by D’Azeglio, 1 vol. 12mo.

9.	Musical Spelling Book, by E. Ives, 1 vol. 8mo.

10.	Beethoven Collection of Sacred Music.

11.	Rambles by Land and Water, or Notes of Travel in Cuba and
Mexico, elegantly illustrated, by B. M. Norman, 1 vol. 12mo.
NEARLY READY,

1. Montezuma, The Last of the Aztecs ; an Historical Ro-
mance on the Conquest of Mexico, by Edward Maturin, 2 vols.
12mo.

2. Morris & Willis’ Library of the Rose and Poetry of Europe
and America, 1 vol. 8mo. An elegant and valuable Gift Book.
3. Old Continental, or the Price of Liberty; by the author
of "Dutchman’s Fireside,” 2 vols. 12mo.

4.	Man in the Republic, by C. Mathews, 32mo. gilt.

5.	Musical ABC, for children, 16mo.

6.	Greece of the Greeks, by G. A. Perdicaris, late U. S. Consul
at Athens, 2 vols. 12mo. illustrated.

7.	Musical Reader, 4to.

8.	The Prince, by Machiavelli, 1 vol. 12mo.

9.	The Musical Wreath, 4to.

10.	Over the Ocean! or Glimpses of Many Lands, by a Lady.

KNOX’S HATS.

THE FALL STYLE OF GENTLEMEN’S HATS are now
ready for the season, 1845, which for lightness and superiority
of color cannot be surpassed—which is a very important part of the
hat, retaining the color till it is worn out Any article sold in this
establishment is never misrepresented but sold for what it is. Also
the Fall style of Boy’s and Children’s Caps, of various patterns.
Gentlemen can have their hats made to order in any shape or style
they wish. A full assortment of Ladies’ Muffs, of all kinds.

C. KNOX, No. 110 Fulton st.

nov 8—3m	between William and Nassau sts.

HUNT’S MERCHANTS’ MAGAZINE

AND

COMMERCIAL REVIEW.

Established July, 1839,

BY FREEMAN HUNT, EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY,

At 142 Fulton St., N. York—at $5 00 per anmum, in advance.

THE MERCHANTS’ MAGAZINE and COMMERCIAL RE-
VIEW embraces every subject connected with Commerce,
Manufactures and Political Economy, as follows:—Commercial
Legislation; Commercial History and Geograph ; Mercantile Bi-
ography; Descriptive, Statistical, and Historical Accounts of the
various commodities which form the subject of Mercantile Trans-
actions; Port Charges; Tariffs; Customs and Excise Regulations;
Commercial Statistics of the United States and the different countries
of the world, with which we have intercourse, including their
Physical Character, Population, Productions, Exports, Imports,
Seaports, Monies, Weights, Measures, Finance and Banking As-
sociations, and Enterprises connected with Commerce, embracing
Fisheries, Incorporated Companies, Railroads, Canals, Steamboats,
Docks, Post Offices, &c.; Principles of Commerce, Finance and
Banking with Practical and Historical Details and Illustrations;
Commercial Law, and Mercantile Reports and Descisions of Courts
in the United States and Europe, including, Insurance, Partnership,
Principal and Agent, Bills of Exchange, Sale, Guaranty, Bank-
ruptcy, Shipping and Navigation, &c., and whatever else should
tend to develop the resources of the country and the world, and
illustrate the various topics bearing upon Commerce and Com-
mercial Literature.

It has been, and will continue to be, the aim of the Editor and
Proprietor of the Merchants’ Magazine, to avoid everything of
a party, political, or sectional bias or bearing, in the conduct of the
work—opening its pages to the free and fair discussion of antago-
nistic doctrines connected with the great interests of Commerce,
Agriculture, Manufactures and the Currency.

 Complete sets of the Merchants’ Magazine, embracing
13 semi-annual volumes, of about 600 large octavo pages each,
bringing it down to December 1S45, inclusive, may be obtained at
the Publisher’s Office, 142 Fulton street, New York, at the sub-
scription price.

 Publishers of newspapers, in the United States, by giving
this advertisement two or three insertions and remitting Two Dol-
lars to the Proprietor, will be entitled to the Magazine for one
year.

Office of Merchants’ Magazine, Jan. 1846.

Dec. 20.—5t.

JOHN ANDERSON & Co.,

IMPOSTERS AND DEALERS IN

CHOICE SEGARS, and Manufacturers of Premium Tobacco
and Snuffs—2 Wall, and 13 and 15 Duane streets, New York.

nov8—3m

TO MEDICAL MEN.

This day published, the London lancet for No-
vember, a Journal of British, Foreign, Medical and Chemi-
cal Science, Criticism and News—edited by Thomas Wakely, M. P.
Surgeon, and Henry Bennett, M. D.

This is the fifth number of the second volume, containing, besides
its usual quantity of valuable matter, the 2d Lecture of a series of
Lectures on Organic Chemistry, by Justus Liebig.

Also, four additional Lectures on the Mechanism and Manage-
ment of Natural and Difficult Labors, by Edward W. Murphy, A. M.
M. D.

Terms—$5 per annum, in advance; single numbers 50 cents—
mailed to any part of the United States, by

BURGESS, STRINGER & CO.

222 Broadway, corner of Ann st.

P. S.—The postage to any distance on the Lancet is 6 1/4 cts.

J. BALLARD,

PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR, SINGING AND FLUTE.

No. 15 Spring street.______________

UNITED STATES HOTEL.

THE PROPRIETOR OF THIS HOTEL, desires to return his
thanks to his friends, and the traveling portion of the commu-
nity generally, for the favors which they have bestowed upon him
since he opened his establishment, and to assure them that he will
spare no exertions to render his House worthy of the patronage of
which he has already received so liberal a share.

H. JOHNSON.

Nov. 8th, 1845.	6m

410

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VALUABLE WORKS ON AGRICUL-
TURE, ETC.,

RECENTLY PUBLISHED BY

HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW YORK.

I.

THE AMERICAN SHEPHERD.

1 vol. 12mo. With Illustrations. Price 75 cents, paper; bound
in cloth gilt, $1,00.

We regard this as the most valuable and important work for
farmers that has appeared for a long time. We have examined it
closely, and we do not hesitate to say it is just what is wanted by
the sheep farmers of this country. Previous to its publication, the
manuscript was submitted to the inspection of the Executive Com-
mittee of the N. Y. State Agricultural Society, and received the
following commendation from that body; “The committee have great
pleasure in recommending the work to the attention of wool-grow-
ers, and others interested in the breeding and management of sheep,
as one containing a large amount of practical and scientific informa-
tion on this most important branch of American agriculture.” The
work contains a complete history and description of all the known
varieties and breeds of sheep, illustrated with portraits of the prin-
cipal kinds, with remarks on their comparative value for different
purposes, their management in different countries and climates,
their diseases, &c. An appendix is added, embracing upward of
twenty letters from eminent wool-growers and sheep-fatteners in
different states, detailing their respective modes of management.—
Ohio Cultivator.

This book is one of startling value. It was written by a practical
man, who, for many years, has devoted himself to the rearing of
sheep, with great ardor. He writes, in the practical portions of the
work, what his own eyes have seen, and what his own hands have
handled. It is written in a straight-forward, plain style; it is ar-
ranged with sufficient clearness, and gives valuable information on
the subjects of which it treats. Whether a farmer keeps ten or ten
thousand sheep, he ought to possess it.—Baptist Recorder.

This is the best work for the American farmer which has yet ap-
peared on the subject of sheep-husbandry, and we believe it is the
only elaborate treatise which has been written with peculiar refe-
rence to the methods required in the management of sheep in this
country.—N.Y. Commercial Advertiser.

II.

ENCYCLOPAEDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

1 large vol. 8vo. 1000 Illustrations. Sheep Extra.—Price
$3,75.

The practical utility of this work commends it very strongly to
public favor. It treats of various matters connected with do-
mestic economy, in such a plain and comprehensive manner, that
few can look over its pages, without finding something to interest
them—something which will promote their comfort, and oftentimes
prove of pecuniary advantage. In point of general utility this is,
perhaps, the best work issued for some time.—Courier and En-
quirer.

This is decidedly a book for the million; it contains all that pre-
cise kind of information adapted to the use of families, and which
one may seek a long time for, in vain, elsewhere.—Evening Ga-
zette.

This is one of those works which cannot fail to be of real utility
to all classes who will take the trouble to turn to its pages for in-
formation.—Evening Post.

No one possessing the means to purchase, and capable of appre-
ciating this Encyclopaedia, will fail to procure it It will render
most important services in every family in which it is introduced.—
Evangelist.

Those who are desirous of acquainting themselves with the
way and manner of doing everything to promote the comfort of their
families and friends, with the least possible trouble and expense,
will find this work a valuable acquisition.—Seneca Courier.

III

TREATISE ON DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

Improved Edition. X vol. 12mo. Plates. Price 75 cents.

This is emphatically a useful book. It contains a vast amount of
intelligence concerning mental and physical health, together with a
great deal of information concerning the regulation of the house-
hold and the judicious disposition of time and means.—Sunday
Times.

This volume is so well known, and so thoroughly appreciated,
that we need only call attention to the issue of an improved edition.
It is very generally adopted as a text-book in female schools. It has
been examined by the Massachusetts Board of Education, and by
them deemed worthy of admission as a part of the Massachusetts
School Library—an honor which speaks for itself.—Evening Post.

If this work could be read, and studied ,and applied by all the young
ladies of the land, it would certainly be the means of bringing about
a new era, both in civilization and enjoyment. It touches every

point in domestic economy in which a young female can be supposed
to be interested, and it brings out many points which are seen at
once to be of great moment, but which would have escaped any
other than the scrutinizing eye of a female philanthropist. We
would recommend to every mother to provide her daughters with a
copy of this work, and to enjoin it upon them as a sacred duty to
read and ponder, and follow its excellent directions.—Evangelist.

I	IV.

AGRICULTURAL CHEMISTRY.

1 vol. 18mo. Half Sheep. Price 50 cents.

V.

ARMSTRONG’S AGRICULTURE.

1	vol. 18mo. Half Sheep. Prica 50 cents.

VI.

AMERICAN HUSBANDRY.

2	vols. 18mo. Half Sheep. Price $1,00.

VII.

THE FARMER’S INSTRUCTOR.

2 vols. 18mo. Half Sheep. Price $1,00.

VIII.

THE AMERICAN POULTRY BOOK.

1 vol. 18mo. Engravings. Price 35 cents.

IX.

THE COOK’S ORACLE.

1 vol. 18mo. Price 88 cents,
x.

MODERN AMERICAN COOKERY.

1 vol. 16mo. Price 40 cents,

XI.

DOMESTIC DUTIES.

1 vol. l2mo. Half Roan. Price 75 cents.

Jan. 3. tf.

THE SECOND VOLUME OF
THE ARISTIDEAN:

A JOURNAL OF REVIEWS, POLITICS, AND LIGHT LIT-
ERATURE—By Thomas Dunn English, and numerous col-
laborators—commences on the 20th of January, 1846.

The Aristidean is published monthly, each number containing
80 pages, octavo, printed on handsome white paper, with bold, clear
type, at Five Dollars per annum, payable in advance.

The aim of the editor has been to establish a Journal of Art and
Letters, whose papers should be distinguished for force, vigor, sar-
casm and pith, rather than an unutterable and bathetic profundity;
one, which should not fear to expose literary quackery, and give to
writers a proper precedence; one that had the moral courage to
praise an enemy’s good works, and censure a friend’s bad ones; one
that would maintain a rigorous independence on literary, political
and religious matters; one that would attack all abuses without
scruple; one that was insensible to fear, and deaf to favor; and one
that depended for success on the merit of its papers, and not on the
names announced as contributors. If the editor may judge from the
high panegyric of the press, and the more substantial evidence of an
increasing subscription list, he has succeeded in his intention.

Those desiring to sustain an independent and fearless magazine
will be kind enough to remit their subscriptions by mail, rather
than through an agent.

THOMAS DUNN ENGLISH,
decl3—tf	301 Broadway, city of New York.

CHEAP MUSIC.

HOMANS & ELLIS have published the first No. of

THE MUSIC At. WORLD.

A Semi-monthly Magazine, containing sixteen pages of beauti-
fully printed Music, and a Journal of Musical Biography, Criti-
cism, and News.

Edited by Henry C. Watson.—Contents of No. 1.

I'll he There,—words by Fitzball—music by Herbert Rodwell.
Let no thought of care oppress thee,—words by Charles Jeffreys,
music by Bellini.

Far away in my own bright land,—	“	“ Bellini.

O cast that shadow from thy brow,—a beautiful ballad.

The sunny hours of childhood,—words by J. L. Carpenter—
music by J. Hanowav, R. A.

The melodies of many lands,—words by Charles Jeffreys—music
by C. W. Glover.

Price 25 Cents.

The second number of the Musical World will be published on
the 15th inst.

In Press—Grand Galop, by Leopold de Meyer, with a portrait
and critical biography, will be ready early next week.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

411

IMPORTANT WORKS,

RECENTLY PUBLISHED BY

J. & H. G. LANGLEY, 8 ASTOR HOUSE.

I.

VON RAUMER’S NEW WORK.

America and the American People: being the result of the au-
thor’s recent travels through the United States. Translated from
the German of Frederick Von Raumer, by Professor Wm. W. Tur-
ner. 1 vol. 8vo. 330 pp. Price $2.

II.

ELIZA COOK’S POETICAL WORKS.

New Edition, containing all her recent productions. Edited by
Rufus Griswold. 1 vol. 12 mo., illustrated with a portrait and
twelve exquisite English engravings. Copies in Morocco, super.
$3 50—Cloth Gilt, $2 50.

“ This is a beautiful volume, splendidly bound, and still more
elegantly illustrated, and combining some of the choicest poems in
the language. The “Old Arm Chair” is one of the most popular
poems, and has touched the hearts of thousands who never knew
even the name of the author. She writes for the heart, and her
beautiful songs always reach it. The book forms one of the most
elegant holiday presents yet offered.”—Cour. fy Eng.

III.

MISS BARRETT’S POEMS.

The Drama of Exile, and other Poems, by Elizabeth B. Barrett,
2vols. 12mo., elegantly printed.—$2 00.

“Miss Barrett is worth a dozen of Tennyson, and six of Mother-
well—equal, perhaps, in original genius, to Keats and Shelley—
There are beauties enough in one of her poems to have made a fame
in Waller’s time.”—Willis’ Evening Mirror.

IV.

GREGG’S SANTA FE AND THE PRAIRIES.

Commerce of the Prairies, or the Journal of a Santa Fe Trader.
The personal observation of a trader, made on eight several expe-
ditions across the Great Western Prairies, and during an almost
uninterrupted residence of nine years in Northern Mexico.—Illus-
trated with numerous engravings. New Edition, revised by the
Author. By Josiah Gregg. 2 vols. 12mo. $2 00.

V.

M. DE TOCQUEVILLF.’S GREAT WORK.

Democracy in America, by Alexis De Tocqueville. Third edi-
tion, in 2 vols. 8vo. Corrected and Enlarged, with an original In-
dex. Translated by Henry Reeve, Esq., with introductory Prefaces,
by the honorable John C. Spencer. Price $4 00 in muslin or sheep.

“This work is one of the most profound and philosophical ever
writen upon the character and institutions of our country.—Boston
Traveler.

“As a study of political science, this book stands unrivaled in
our times; equally remarkable for lucidity of style, acuteness and
delicacy of reasoning, and for the moral and intellectual vigor with
which it has been conceived and completed.”—London Times.

VI.

DE TOCQUEVILLE ABRIDGED.

Designed for District School Libraries, Colleges, &c. In accord-
ance with the recommendation of several superintendents of Dis-
trict Schools, the Publishers beg to announce that they have just
issued a condensed edition of the above standard work, adapted ex-
pressly for the use of District Schools, Colleges, &c., to form 1 vol.
12mo. Price $1 00.

VII.

THE LIFE OF GENERAL FRANCIS MARION.

By W. Gilmore Simms, author of “ Guy Rivers.” &c. &c.
Seventh edition, revised by the author, with numerous engravings,
1 vol. 12mo.—$1.

“Few characters have stood out more boldly on our Revolutionary
Annals, or have supplied more interesting and exciting materials
for the historian than that of Gen. Marion; and it is not saying too
much to claim for the work before us no less the merit of accredited
historical truth, than the most stirring and absorbing attributes of
high-wrought fiction.”—Democratic Review.

VIII.

THE POETICAL WORKS OF PRAED.

Lillian, and other Poems, Fanciful and Facetious. By William
Mackworth Praed. First collected edition. Edited by R. W.
Griswold, 1 vol. 12mo., muslin,. $1 25.

“Praed was the Poet of Society, ‘ a fellow of infinite humor,’ and
in scholarship and art, surpassed by none of the English poets of
the age. Though many of his pieces have been almost universally
read in this country, they have never yet been printed collectively
either here or in England.”—Democratic Review.

PAINE & BURGESS, 62 JOHN STREET,

WILL PUBLISH, IN A FEW DAYS,

THE ARTIST, MERCHANT, AND STATESMAN, Part I —
This work is made up of the choicest and most original material
on Fine Arts, Commerce, and Political Economy, by C. Edwards
Lester.

PRARIEDOM ; Rambles and Scrambles in Texas, or New Estre-
madura, by a Southron, 1 vol. 12mo. with a map. “ It is light and
vivacious—filled with incident—easy and flowing in style, and bril-
liant in imagery.”—Evening Mirror.

THEY ARE PREPARING FOR PUBLICATION,

Songs and Ballads by Gen. G. P. Morris, 32mo. gilt.

Rambles by Land and Water, or Notes of Travel in Cuba and Mex-
ico; including a canoe voyage up the river Panuco, and Researches
among the Antiquities of Taumelipas, byB. M. Norman,1 vol. 12mo.
illustrated.

The Greece of the Greeks, by G. A. Perdicaris, U. S. Consul at
Athens, 2 vols. 12mo. illustrated.

Trippings in Authorland, by Fanny Forrester.

Montezuma, the Last of the Aztecs ; an Historical Romance of
the Conquest of Mexico, by Edward Maturin, 2 vols. 12mo
“This is an original American work.”

The Prince, by Machiavelli, 1 vol. 12mo.

Man in the Republic, by C. Mathews, 1 vol. 32mo. gilt.

The Old Continental, or the Price of Liberty; an historical ro-
mance, by the author of the “ Dutchman’s Fireside,” 2 vols. 12mo.
NOW READY,

The Medici Series of Italian Prose.

The Autobiography of Alfieri, 1 vol. 12mo. Price 50 cents.

The Secret Thoughts and Actions of Genius, blended with the
wildest adventures and strongest caprices.

The Citizen of a Republic; what are his rights and duties, by
Ansaldo Ceba, 1 vol. 12mo. Price 50 cents. “ A book of condens-
ed and rare thoughts, like diamonds finely polished and richly set.”
The Challenge of Barletta, a Romance of the times of the Medici,
1 vol. 12mo.

“A gem gathered from the jeweled.mine of Italian romance.”
The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli, 2 vols. 12mo.

“The charmed records of the classic city of the Arno, by the mas-
ter spirit of his age.”	nov 8

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to Dubois
and Stodart,) No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assort-
ment of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes of the most
superior quality; such as he is prepared to guarantee for their ex-
cellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish, and to endure in any
climate. A liberal discount from the standard prices. Fiano Fortes
Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on hire.

PIANO FORTES,

CHEAP FOR CASH.—The Subscribers have on hand a
handsome assortment of 6, 6 1/2, and 7 octave mahogany and rose-
wood Pianos, which they will warrant, and sell low for cash or ap-
proved paper.	GLENN, ROGERS, & Co.,

Manufacturers, 152 Fulton street, east of Broadway

ÆOLIAN ATTACHMENT.

Herrmann s. saroni, professor of music, 116

Leonard street, New York, teaches the Piano Forte, with or
without Coleman’s celebrated Attachment.

Ceneral Furnishing Hardware, Cutlery, Tools, die.

OSBORN & LITTLE,

Importers and General Dealers in English, German, and
American

HARDWARE, CUTLERY, &.C.,

No. 33 FULTON STREET,

BETWEEN PEARL AND WATER STREETS,
[Where the business has been carried on for eighty years past.]

CHARLES OSBORN. 	NEW YORK.

CHARLES S. LITTLE, 

Hardware, Cutlery, Nails, Locks, Latches, Butts, Screws, Anvils,
Vices, Saws, Files, Shovels and Spades, Hollow Ware, Corn and
Coffee Mills, Rivets, Pumps, Curriers’ Hones, Crucibles, Black
Lead, Pots, &c. See. Also, Genuine Haarlarm Oil. American
Coopers and Carpenters’ Edge Tools, of Albertson’s, Conger’s,
Barton’s Horton’s, Gifford’s, and other makers. Also, Cooper’s
Truss Hoous.	nov8—3m

412

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

CATALOGUE OF TEAS,

ON SALE AT THE TEA WAREHOUSE OF THE

PEKIN TEA COMPANY,

Importers of fine Green and Black Teas, No. 75 Fulton street,
New York.

[The teas mentioned in this Catalogue arc done up in quarter,
half-pound, and pound packages—the first, or inside wrapper is
lead, the second wrapper is water-proof paper, and the third, or
outside wrapper, is of Chinese rice paper. The company sell none
but good teas, done up in this superior manner, ail of them grown
in the most luxurious districts in China. Country dealers can
select as small quantity of each kind as they like, and have them
packed in one chest. These teas also come in five pound Chinese
packages, called quattoons, a very convenient, fanciful and portable
shape.]

Green Teas.	Block Teas.

Young Hyson, sweet cargo, 50               Pouchong, good, full flavor,	38

do do do do finer, 1/2	do	fine,	50

do do finer cargo, 75	do	very superior,	75

do	do	extra fine,	87 1/2

do	do . Silver Leaf,	1,00 Souchong, good,	38

Silver Leaf—Seldom sold,             do extra fine,	50

even by -large dealers, be-
cause of the very small pro- Oolong, strong, flavor fine, 50
fits made on its sale. This	Oolong—This tea is a great

is a very superior tea.	favorite, and gives universal

do do Golden Chop, Planta- satisfaction.

tion or Garden growth, 1,50	do	very fine,	62 1/2

Golden Chop — This is the	do	in one pound	and

finest Green Tea cultivated	half pound cattys,

in China. It is of the first	extra fine,	75

pickings, and excels all other

Green Teas for its delicacy      Ne Plus Ultra,	1,50

of flavor, strength, and aro- Ne Plus Ultra—This tea is
ma. Heretofore this tea has	as fragrant and sweet as a

never reached this country,	nosegay. It yields a perfume

except in small lots, as pre-	that is truly delightful. It is

sents to importers.	of garden growth, and supe-

Hyson,* very fine,	75	rior	to	anything of the	kind

do Plantation growth,	1,00	ever sold	in this country.

Gunpowder, good,

do superior, [Read English Breakfast Tea, very
“monstrous fraud”	fine, 50

below,]	1,00 do	do do in

do small leaf, planta-	one pound and half pound

tion growth,	1,25	cattys.	62 1/2

Imperial, good,	—

do brisk and fragrant,                 Howqua’s Mixture, a strong
[Read “monstrous	and rich black tea, Pekoe.

fraud ” below,]	1,00	flavor,	75

do curious leaf, very Congo, good,	37 1/2

superior.	1,25	do very fine,	50

Hyson	Skin, good, fine flavor, 38       Pekoe Flowers, good,	87 1/2

do	do extra fine,	62 1/2	  do do garden growth,   1,50

• Caution.—Large quantities of Hyson Skin are retailed in this
market as being a Hyson Tea. It is well worth while to compare
the Hyson Tea usually sold at 75 cents with the genuine article
that the company offer at the same price. The difference is so per-
ceptible, on trial, as to render any further comment unnecessary.

Monstrous Fraud.—Gunpowder and Imperial Teas cannot be
retailed by small dealers, in this country, at 75 cents per pound,
because they frequently cost that money in China, and no Importer
in this city can sell good Gunpowder or Imperial Tea at a less price
than 75 cents per pound by the hundred packages. T. F. Davies,
Esq., in his interesting work on China, details the manner in
which he saw the lowest grades of Black Teas manufactured and
colored with Prussian Blue, so as to closely imitate Gunpowder and
Imperial Teas, and adds, the Prussian Blue being a combination of
Prussic Acid with Iron, is of course a dangerous poison. Let pur-
chasers therefore beware of adulterated teas, and deal with those
vender “whose characters and resources raise them above suspicion.
Beware of the Gunpowder and Imperial Teas retailed at 75 cents
per pound, and compare them with the genuine article sold by the
Pekin Tea Company. No one, it is presumed, wishes to drink
poison. The company have published a book, giving full details on
this subject, which may be had at their warehouse, 75 Fulton street,
free of charge.

Recommendations.

We drink Green Tea, and for many years have been paying one
dollar per pound for it. But thanks to the Pekin Tea Company, we
now get a better tea from them at 75 cents per pound. We drink one
pound per week, by which we are now saving thirteen dollars per year,
and enjoying better tea in the bargain. Commend us to the Pekin Tea
Company, say we.—[Mirror.

The Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street, are performing a great
and good work, and will, in a few years, beyond all doubt, drive all the
poor teas which have deluged this country, and defrauded consumers
of the article, out of the market. They import none but pure and fra

grant teas, and retail them by the single pound at wholesale prices,
families are always sure of obtaining good teas at this great tea ware-
house, in quantities to suit their convenience, and at the same price
that the merchant pays who buys to sell again.—[Daily True Sun.

You may be sure of obtaining at all times, pure and highly flavored
teas, by the single pound, at wholesale prices, of the Pekin Tea Com-
pany, 75 Fulton street. They have probably the largest stock, and
greatest variety of green and black teas, of any one establishment in
the United States. They are doing a large business, and a great benefit
to consumers of tea.—[Atlas.

Heretofore it has been very difficult, indeed impossible, to always
obtain good green and black teas; but now you have only to visit the
ware-rooms of the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street, to obtain as
delicious and fragrant leas as you could wish for.—Daily Sun.

If any of our readers desire to have good tea, they can obtain it of
the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street.—[Mercury.

A Word to Tea Drinkers.—The Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton
street, have imported into this market some live hundred thousand dol-
lars worth of the finest grade of green and black teas, grown in the
Celestial Empire, done up in all the various fancy packages that Chi-
nese ingenuity can invent. It is a privilege to buy teas at this great
establishment, and a luxury and comfort to drink them. They sell
good teas only, and retail them at wholesale prices. Country merchants
who wish to always sell good teas can always obtain them at this place,
on reasonable terms.—[Emporium.

The Pekin Tea Company.—We very cheerfully call the attention
of all lovers of pure and fragrant Teas, both in town and country, to the
great tea warehouse of this company. Our long acquaintance with the
proprietors enables us to bespeak for them the entire confidence of the
public. We know that their teas, both in quality and price, are all that
is stated of them. Many a lover of the fragrant herb has been com-
pelled to eschew the drinking of tea in consequence of its injurious
effects, until at length he has become hopeless of finding, among any of
the imported varieties of tea in our market, a kind which had not such
an effect. In this, however, such persons will be agreeably disappointed.
The Pekin Tea Company have commenced the importation of choice
varieties of Garden Teas, of most delicious flavor—cultivated and
picked with great care, which have heretofore never been introduced
into this country, except as presents to importers. Among these they
have an Oolong, mild as zephyr, and fragrant as a rose, which we es-
pecially recommend to all nervous persons. Its effect upon many of
those who have tried it, is to make them confirmed tea-drinkers. Ladies
who have tried it say they never before drank such tea. But all tastes
can here be suited, with the great advantage over other stores of getting
a pure article at wholesale price, however small the quantity. The
company’s warehouse is at 75 Fulton street.—[New World.

Ten.—The Pekin Tea Company, No. 75 Fulton street, unquestionably
sell the best teas imported into this market. That they sell them
cheaper than any other establishment, is a fact proven in a thousand
instances since they have opened their store.

We would advise our friends to call at this place, and if they don’t
wish to buy, at least to obtain a little pamphlet, kept on their counter,
entitled “Hints to Tea-Driukers.” and therefrom learn a little useful
information on the subject. The pamphlet is given gratis.—[Anglo-
American.

The finest specimens of green and black teas ever sold in this
country, are imported by the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street.
Those who want good teas at reasonable prices, can always get them
there.—[Tribune.

We have tried the teas imported by the Pekin Tea Company, 75
Fulton street, and, if we live, will try them often. They are selling
the most delicious teas we ever drank, and retail them at wholesale
prices.—[Evening Post.	oct. 8.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL:

Edgar A. Poo, ::::::	Editor and Proprietor.

IS PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY:

OFFICE304BROADWAY, CORNER OF DUANE.

Terms $3,00 per annum, invariably in advance—single numbers six and
a quarter cents.

The Broadway Journal is, in its general character, a literary
paper, occupying itself with original, and more especially with
critical articles, in every department of Literature, properly so
called, with a preference, nevertheless, for the Belles Lettres
and the Fine Arts. There is no better medium in the country for
literary or artistical advertisements.

AGENTS: 

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass      Thos H Pease, New Haven, Ct
RGH Huntington, Hartford, Ct     JO Morgan, New Orleans
M Baullemet, Mobile, Ala	W W Kingsley, New London, Ct

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O  G N Beesley, Utica, N Y
D M Dewey, Rochester, NY          H B Strang, Peekskill, N Y
J Robertson, Syracuse, N Y           Haliburton oc Dudley, Boston, Mass
W E Russell, Schenectady, NY      S Thompson, Worcester, Mass
Levi Willard, Troy, N Y	 Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct

G Jones, Albany, NY	 H Eaten, Providence, R I

S F Hoyt, Newburgh, N Y	 Safford & Park, Norwich, Ct

Shurtz & Wilde, Baltimore, Md     John Tomlin, P M Jackson, Tenn
Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia   S Hart, Sen., Charleston, S C.