THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

VOL. 1.

Three Dollars per Annum.
Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, MAY 10, 1845.

C. F. BRIGGS, EDGAR A. POE, H. C, WATSON, EDITORS.

NO. 20.

Published at 135 Nassau St.
By JOHN BISCO.

THE NATIONAL ACADEMY.

E conclude our re-
marks on the exhi-
bition in the pre-
sent number.

No. 38. David
and the Fair Shu-
namite, (called in
the Catalogue Shu-
manite.) W. Win-
ner. This is the
work of a Phila-
delphia artist, and
being a stranger in
our exhibition, we
feel kindly dispo-
sed towards him,
but not to that ex-
cessive degree that
will blind us to the
defects of his little
picture. The artist
has entirely mis-
construed his text,

which is one of the finest in the Scriptures for pictorial illus-
tration. The passage is quoted from “ Kings i. 8, 4, but it 
will be found in the first three verses of the first chapter of
the first book of Kings.

“ Now king David was old and well stricken in years, and they cov-
ered him with clothes, but he got no heat. Wherefore his servants	|

said unto him: Let there be sought for my lord the king a young vir-	

gin : and let her stand before the king, and let her cherish him, and
let her lie in thy bosom, that my lord the king may get heat. So they	

sought for a fair damsel throughout all the coasts of Israel and found 
Abishag, a Shunamite, and brought her to the king. And the damsel
was very fair and cherished the king, and ministered to him, but the
king knew her not.”

The artist has allowed the whole beauty of the passage
to escape him. He has placed David in his royal robes on
the top of a high throne and the fair Shunamite at his feet
too far removed to impart any heat to the old monarch
though she were as hot as a furnace. There is hardly more
nature in this picture than in the decorations of a China tea
cup. It is idealized to the extremest point of inanity.

No. 296—Jael and Sisera. P. P. Duggan. A slightly
tinted outline drawing, manifesting a thorough understand-
ing of the text, a fine imagination, great anatomical knowl-
edge, and a firm hand. It is a very chaste design, and ar-
gues well for the future prospects of this talented young ar-
tist. No. 369, a model in clay, called an Antediluvian, by
the same hand, is a disagreeable subject, but it proves the
artist to be a hard student, and a very skilful modeler. As
a mere display of anatomical knowledge it has many tech-
nical merits, but it is disgusting to see so much ability thrown
away upon a subject that can give no pleasure. The artist
should always strive to hide his technical knowledge instead
of making an obvious parade of it.

No. 302—Boaz and Ruth. A. G. Miller. A glaringly
bad composition.

No. 108—Saint John. Thos. Hicks, A. This painting has
been the subject of many ungenerous remarks, more to the
discredit of those who uttered them than to the modest artist
whose work they were intended to dispraise, for it possesses
merits of a very high order. It is a disagreeable subject, but it
is a truthful portrait, and strictly considered, is really more
imaginative than the Saint John of Murillo, for it approach-
es more nearly to nature, not in color and drawing, but in
design. A desert is not the place where we have a right to
look for well rounded limbs and a full paunch, but then
leanness is unpleasant to look upon, and we will forgive the
 solecism of fatness in the young saint, for the pleasure of
 looking upon a handsome boy with a rosy face and shining
locks. The truth is the subject is one that cannot be fitly
represented, and Mr. Hicks has done himself an injury by
making the attempt. Since people do not go naked in this
age of the world, they cannot serve as naked models; their
flesh is delicate and soft, and must always look unpleasant
when imitated in the representation of a naked person whose
body has been tempered by exposure to the sun and the rain.
For similar reasons, we can produce no fine statues in this
age, for it is impossible to find fine models. The body is
spoiled by its clothes. Artists should be content, therefore,
to paint hands and faces. The days of Apollos and Dianas
are past; they may return by and by when the world be-
comes wiser, but until they do it will be idle to look for them
in art.

The figure of Saint John is well drawn and well colored;
his position is easy and becoming, and the surrounding land-
scape is a fine idea of the desert, which is considerably high-
tened by a Cactus growing in the foreground. It is plain
that Mr. Hicks has higher aims than to catch the eye of vul-
gar gazers, and the absence of everything like trickery from
his pictures, shows him to be an honest and truthloving ar-
tist. He is soon to leave this country for Germany and Ita-
ly where he will spend two or three years, and we have no
fears that he will be spoilt by attempting to copy the great
things that others have done instead of adopting the means
by which they accomplished their greatness.

No. 211—Rachel envied her Sister. J. G. Chapman, N.

A. The passage referred to in the catalogue as the subject
of this picture, is “Gen. xxx: 3. But this must be another
misquotation, for the verse contains nothing that can be con-
sidered applicable to the picture. As a picture of Rachel,
we can discover no merit in this performance, but considered
merely as the portrait of a young woman seated upon a
stone,—it has many good points, and we regard it as the
best picture that Mr. Chapman has ever painted.

These six works comprise all the scripture subjects, ex-
cepting the “ Death of Abel” and “ Elijah,” which have been
noticed before; but these are enough. We are too thorough-
lv acquainted with the Bible in these Sunday School days to
tolerate scripture pieces in art, excepting from men of the

highest genius and most extensive knowledge.

No. 45—Cupid and Psyche. J. Freeman, N. A. The

306

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

fleshy parts of Psyche are sweetly painted, but the drapery
is wretched to the last degree. Cupid has a pretty boyish
face, but his back is dreadfully misdrawn, and badly colored.
It is a meaningless picture. If it were intended for an
illustration of the Greek legend of Cupid and Psyche, there
is no propriety in the figures. Psyche is too old and Cupid
too young. No. 64—Italian beggar children, by the same
artist, has been more admired than any other picture in the
gallery, and it is deserving of a good deal of praise; but it
is only good in parts. The boy has a face that never be-
longed to a beggar, nor to any other creature who had known
exposure, or suffering from want. The position in which
he stands is constrained and painful, and his body is expos-
ed on purpose, not by accident, nor for effect to gain sym-
pathy, hut as a study for the artist. The drapery is nothing but
paint. The face is a sweet face per se, and the body is very
finely painted, but as a beggar boy, the figure is incongruous
and out of character. The sleeping girl is well put in as a
subordinate in the composition, but taken altogether, the pic-
ture is very far from being a complete one, or a pleasing
composition. There is no sentiment of indigence in it; one
might look at it forever without putting his hand in his j
pocket to feel for money. It is a study, and as a study has
much merit.

No. 331—Crucifixion of our Savior. W. G. Williams,
H. We marvel at the temerity of the artist in attempting 
a subject which none but the most sublime genius should
dare to touch; and we marvel still more at the admission
of such a picture by the committee of arrangements. They
have hung it as nearly out of sight as they could, but no
work should be admitted in an exhibition like this which
is not worthy to be well hung.

No. 73—The News-boy's lament. T. Le Clear. A very
good head, full of natural expression, and evidently a por-
trait. But the title is a misnomer; there is no lamentation,
nor any cause for it discoverable in the picture.

No. 92—Olivia and Sophia consulting the fortune teller,
from the Vicar of Wakefield. A. G. Miller. There are
two very good reasons why this subject should not be at-
tempted by an American Artist; first, it has been painted a
million of times; second, it is an English subject which an
American cannot paint. Mr. Miller’s name is new to us, 
and if he is a very young artist his picture shows evidence 
of talent that may produce something better hereafter.

No. 102—Head of a Fox Hound. W. J. Bolton. This
and the head of a greyhound, 203, are the best specimens of
animal portraiture that we have ever seen in our exhibitions.
We believe that Mr. Bolton is an amateur, but his paintings
would do honor to a professional artist.

No. 107—Sugaring Off. T. H. Matteson. (Purchased
by the Am. Art-Union). Mr. Matteson is a young artist of
very considerable ability ; this, and “the Spirit of ’76,” 118,
are the first of his productions that we have seen. The
“ sugaring off” is a representation of a genuine American
scene, which evidently possesses much that is vraisemblable.
The artist has shown a commendable disposition in choos-
ing scenes for illustration with which he is familiar, but all
the personages of his tableau do not seem in their element It
is a pleasing composition, and we have no doubt of its prov-
ing a popular picture. The “ Spirit of '76"  is not much to
our taste; the actors in it seem to be playing a game of
brag. No. 162, “the lost glove," is much better in point
of color than the other two works, but the subject itself is too
trifling for an elaborate painting.

No. 110—The Evening Chat. E. White. A quiet plea-
sant little picture. Good in tone and quite perfect in draw-
ing.

No. 114—Facing the Enemy. F. W. Edmonds, N. A.
A reformed toper looking resolutely at a bottle of rum which
is rendered doubly tempting by being placed on the sill of
an open window, the light falling through it and rendering
it very brilliant and cheerful; but a total abstinence paper is
stuck upon the wall, and the old toper bends back in his
chair as it to get out of harm's way, and we cannot but feel
certain that he will come off victor over his temptations,
worse than St. Anthony’s, in the end. The figure is well
drawn and the story very perfectly told, which is a point that
Mr. Edmonds rarely or never fails in. The old toper is one
of those hard drinkers with carbuncled noses and crispy hair,
who used to be common enough twenty years ago but are
now growing very rare. A few years hence, and there will 

be no more red noses, and then a picture like this will pos-
sess the kind of interest that the figures in old illuminations
do, preserving the peculiar barbarisms of an age that can
never be repeated. When drinking shall have gone entire-
ly out of fashion the world will scarcely believe that it was
indulged in to the excess that books and songs and pictures
will tell of. 227, “ The New Scholar,” is quite equal, we
think, to any of Mr. Edmond’s former productions. The head
of the village pedant is excellently well painted and most
happily conceived. The unwilling urchin is a beautiful boy
and a fine sturdy little fellow, who would rather be racing
through the fields with his dog than be shut up in school
with a dull book and a tyrant teacher. The boy is right and
everybody sympathises with him, particularly in this spring
weather.

No. 126—The Parting of Edwy and Elgiva. C. Leutze,
2c, H. This is altogether the finest composition in the exhi-
bition. It is small and unpretending, but it possesses suffi-
cient merit to stamp the artist a master though he had done
nothing else. The character of Edwy is most happily made
out, while that of the stem Dunstan is given with great force.
They relieve and heighten each other.

No. 130—Sketch of a design for a statue of Washington,
for the city of New York. Pedestal designed by F. Cather-
wood. Statue by T. Crawford. Painted by Henry Hill-
yard. If we were not well assured that either the parsi-
mony or the instinctive good sense of our citizens would
secure us against such an abomination as this ever being
perpetrated, we would protest against it with all our might.
The catalogue says that the statue is to be cast iron, 75
feet high. But while we need cast iron for rail fences and
a thousand other good uses, we have little apprehension
that any quantity of such a precious metal will ever be wast-
ed in making an effigy of Washington that will represent
him in the theatrical attitude of a French Marshal, with a
cloak on his back unlike anything that Washington ever
wore.

No. 176. Cupid Begging for his Arrows—H. Peters Gray,
N. A. Christian and Pagan Artists resemble each other in
one thing, if no more ; they believe their Gods to be a kind
of celestial poultry men and women with wings, like hens
and hawks. We never see the picture of the archangel
Gabriel without thinking of the barn-yard. Mr. Gray has
given his Cupid a pair of wings according to rule, but the
mother that bore him, for we take the respectable looking
matron at whose knees he is standing, to be intended for his
mother, has no such appendages. The color of this picture
is very fine, and Venus is a very passable woman, but a very
odd looking goddess. The sentiment of the composition is
poor, feeble, and common-place. It is neither classic nor fa-
miliar—Christian nor Pagan. If it were the end of art to
produce such things as these, which can never touch the heart
or inform the mind, it would be as well to have no Art; and
painters would be better employed in covering the outsides
of houses than in decorating their interiors.

No. 195. Dance of the Haymakers—W. S. Mount, N. A.
What a delight to pass from a picture like the last to this
scene of real life and jollity. The canvas is alive with fun
and nature. The floor near it is worn, like the carpet beneath
a lady’s mirror, from the tread of constant visiters. It is
enough to say of this work, that it is equal to any of the ar-
tist’s former productions; higher praise could not be bestow-
ed upon a work of Art. At the first glance, from the unplea-
sant monotony of its salmon-colored tints, it is very repul-
sive, but the moment that its forms are perceived, all effects
of mere color are forgotten, and you step out of the exhibi-
tion room into the barn, and instead of a spectator, become
an actor in the scene. There are some monstrous anachro-
nisms in the picture, such as the pink coat of one of the dan-
cers, and there is some very bad drawing, like the legs of the
fiddler; and the fiddler himself is borrowed from one of Clon-
ney’s pictures, but these are mere specks, which would not
mar the beauty of the work if they were trebled in amount.
This is one of those works that produce that intense degree
of pleasure which we call tickling. Although we are struck
with the perfect naturalness of the scene, we are apprehen-
sive that such exhibitions are extremely rare in any of our
barns. No. 242, “ bird egging,” is quite as good in its way
as the haymakers. The subject is simplicity itself: three
children have robbed a bird's nest, the oldest holds it in his
hands, his little sister is trying to beg it, and his smaller
brother has his hands up to his eyes crying for it. The pic-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

307

ture is hardly bigger than your hand, yet it contains more
truth and feeling than all the other canvases in the room.
One cannot look at it long without feeling a moisture in his
eyes. We realize at once that one touch of Nature makes
the whole world kin. In the next room are a father and
mother standing by the side of their murdered son, murdered
by a brother, too, but we look at them without the smallest
emotion; but here is a little boy crying for a bird’s nest, and
we cannot help crying with him. Now if there was one
touch of Nature in the big picture, the sight of it would
throw us into an agony of grief, but there is not, and we look
upon it without moving a muscle or winking an eye. Feel-
ing is the test by which all works of Art must be tried.

No. 204. Horse and Shetland Pony—T. Hicks, A. An
admirable interior, and the portraits of the animals are capi-
tally given.

No. 214. Popping the Question—W. F. Van Zandt. A
man and a woman in very equivocal postures; the man
seems to be doing anything but popping the question.

No. 240. Surrender of Guatemozin—P. F. Rothermel.
Another Philadelphia picture, by one of the most promising
artists in the mob city; but not to our view one of his best
pictures. It is a passage taken from Prescott’s Conquest of
Mexico, and is, of course, purely ideal. There is an unplea-
sant prevalence of scarlet which tinges every object in the
picture. There are some very pretty figures, but they appear
like a group of fashionable ladies and gentlemen in a tableau
vivant, rather than real personages in the drama of life.

Nos. 260, 264—by C. E. Weir. Two small paintings, pos-
sessing a good deal of merit, but exceedingly unpleasant in
color. If Mr. Weir would strive to get rid of the dingy hue
which the greater part of his pictures have, they would show
to much better advantage. That he can rid himself of it, is
very plain from the fruit piece, No. 295, which is admirably
colored, and finely drawn. But it is painful to see so much
time and talent wasted in copying apples and peaches.

Immortality teaching Love to Hope—has relief in marble
T. G. Crawford, H.—Unworthy of the reputation which the
artist enjoys.

No. 271. Saturday Afternoon—M. E. D. Brown. A dread-
ful affair. It is a scene in a French Kitchen, as we judge,
from the utensils hanging up, but the figures are English. It
is a poor thing, and the committee should have had more
regard for the painter than to admit it.

Nos. 288, 290. Pen and Ink Drawings—Samuel Wallin.
Very beautiful and highly finished drawings. The Prosy
Speaker looks like a line engraving. This is a style of Art
that we hope to see more extensively cultivated. Mr. Wallin
is an amateur, but he draws exceedingly well.

No. 213. Dance of Demons—by F. O. C. Darley. Pen and
ink drawing. This is quite unlike any of Mr. Darley's
sketches that we had seen. It has great merit as a drawing ;
the demons are sketched with a terrible force, and the whole
composition manifests genius of a high order. _

There is not one specimen of architectural drawing in the
exhibition by any of our architects, which is very discredita-
ble to somebody—either to the architects or the Academy.
Considering the great number of new churches and other
important buildings which have been put up during the year,
and are still in process of erection; it is a subject of surprise
that no architect should deem it of importance to exhibit his
drawings and plans to the public, when so fine an opportuni-
ty offers as the exhibition of the National Academy. There
are two framed architectural drawings by Mr. Catherwood,
which were doubtless intended for the new houses of Parlia-
ment in London. We can divine no good reason for exhibit-
ing them here.	

There are a few good miniatures in the exhibition, but
none of a high order. Mr. Hite, Mr. M’Dougal, and Mr.
Cummings have several good ones ; that of Kyle, the flutist,
by M’Dougal, is very neat and a good likeness. We have
seen much better examples from Mrs. Bogardus and Miss
Hall than those which these ladies have here now.

Taken altogether, the exhibition gives but little hope for
the cause of Art in the United States; and when we remem-
ber how wide a field is offered for native artists, how easily
employment is obtained by even mediocre abilities, and what
opportunities for study every young artist enjoys, we are
compelled to the conclusion that there is an incubus weigh-
ing upon Art, which, if not removed, will destroy her alto-
gether; and this incubus we believe in our heart is the Aca-
demy that was instituted for her nourishment. We have 

not room at present to give our reasons for this belief—nei-
ther are we very certain of being right in our conclusions ;
but we think that a glance at the walls of the exhibition, by
any unprejudiced observer, would lead him to the same be-
lief. Everybody will acknowledge that the very worst per-
formances in the exhibition are by academicians, and that
the best things in it are by men who have not yet had the
distinction of “ associate” conferred upon them. If the inter-
ests of art in the city are placed in the hands of such men,
what can be hoped for Art ? Nothing, unless the artists who
are the sufferers by this state of things, take the business in
hand themselves and form a new Academy, as the artists did
when they found that the old American Academy was de-
stroying them by its accumulation of stupidity and arrogance.
A rival institution would be of benefit in every respect, and
we hope sincerely that one may be formed. There should be
two exhibitions at least in the year, and a wholesome spirit
of rivalry might be created, which would have the happiest
effect on the interests of Art. There is talent enough, and
patronage enough to warrant it, and we hope it may be un-
dertaken.	

THE PIT AND THE PENDULUM.

Impia tortorum longas hic turba fuiores
Sanguinis innocui, non satiata, aluit.

Sospite nunc patria, fracto nunc funeris antro,

Mors ubi dira fuit vita salusque patent.

[ Quatrain composed for the gates of a Market to be erected upon the site of the
Jacobin Club House at Paris.]

I was sick—sick unto death with that long agony ; and
when they at length unbound me, and I was permitted to sit,
I felt that my senses were leaving me. The sentence—the
dread sentence of death—was the last of distinct accentua-
tion which reached my ears. After that, the sound of the
inquisitorial voices seemed merged in one dreamy indetermi-
nate hum. It conveyed to my soul the idea of revolution—
perhaps from its association in fancy with the burr of a mill-
wheel. This only for a brief period; for presently I heard
no more. Yet, for a while, I saw; but with how terrible an
exaggeration! I saw the lips of the black-robed judges.
They appeared to me white—whiter than the sheet upon
which I trace these words—and thin even to grotesqueness;
thin with the intensity of their expression of firmness—of im-
moveable resolution—of stern contempt of human torture. I
saw that the decrees of what to me was Fate, were still issu-
ing from those lips. I saw them writhe with a deadly locu-
tion. I saw them fashion the syllables of my name; and I
shuddered because no sound succeeded. I saw, too, for a few
moments of delirious horror, the soft and nearly impercepti-
ble waving of the sable draperies which enwrapped the walls
of the apartment. And then my vision fell upon the seven
tall candles upon the table. At first they wore the aspect of
charity, and seemed white slender angels who would save
me; but then, all at once, there came a most deadly nausea
over my spirit, and I felt every fibre in my frame thrill as if
I had touched the wire of a galvanic battery, while the an-
gel forms became meaningless spectres, with heads of flame,
and I saw that from them there would be no help. And
then there stole into my fancy, like a rich musical note, the
thought of what sweet rest there must be in the grave. The
thought came gently and stealthily, and it seemed long be-
fore it attained full appreciation; but just as my spirit came
at length properly to feel and entertain it, the figures of the
judges vanished, as if magically, from before me; the tall
candles sank into nothingness; their flames went out utterly;
the blackness of darkness supervened; all sensations appear-
ed swallowed up in a mad rushing descent as of the soul
into Hades. Then silence, and stillness, and night were the
universe.

I had swooned; but still will not say that all of conscious-
ness was lost. What of it there remained I will not attempt

308

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

to define, or even to describe; yet all was not lost. In the
deepest slumber—no! In delirium—no ! In a swoon—no!
In death—no ! even in the grave all is not lost. Else there
is no immortality for man. Arousing from the most profound
of slumbers, we break the gossamer web of some dream.
Yet in a second afterward, (so frail may that web have been)
we remember not that we have dreamed. In the return to
life from the swoon there are two stages; first, that of the
sense of mental or spiritual; secondly, that of the sense of
physical, existence. It seems probable that if, upon reaching
the second stage, we could recall the impressions of the first,
we should find these impressions eloquent in memories of the
gulf beyond. And that gulf is—what? How at least shall
we distinguish its shadows from those of the tomb ? But if
the impressions of what I have termed the first stage, are not,
at will, recalled, yet, after long interval, do they not come
unbidden, while we marvel whence they come? He who
has swooned, is not he who finds strange palaces and wildly
familiar faces in coals that glow; is not he who beholds
floating in mid-air the sad visions that the many may not
view ; is not he who ponders ever the perfume of some novel
flower—is not he whose brain grows bewildered with the
meaning of some musical cadence which has never before
arrested his attention.

Amid frequent and thoughtful endeavors to remember ;
amid earnest struggles to regather some token of the state
of seeming nothingness into which my soul had lapsed, there
have been moments when I have dreamed of success; there
have been brief, very brief periods when I have conjured up
remembrances which the lucid reason of a later epoch assures
me could have had reference only to that condition of seem-
ing unconsciousness. These shadows of memory tell, indis-
tinctly, of tall figures that lifted and bore me in silence down
—down—still down—till a hideous dizziness oppressed me
at the mere idea of the interminableness of the descent.
They tell also of a vague horror at my heart, on account of
that heart's unnatural stillness. Then comes a sense of sud-
den motionlessness throughout all things; as if those who bore
me (a ghastly train!) had outrun, in their descent, the limits
of the limitless, and paused from the wearisomeness of their
toil. After this I call to mind flatness and dampness; and
then all is madness—the madness of a memory which busies
itself among forbidden things.

Very suddenly there came back to my soul motion and
sound—the tumultuous motion of the heart, and, in my ears,
the sound of its beating, Then a pause in which all is
blank. Then again sound, and motion, and touch—a tingling
sensation pervading my frame. Then the mere consciousness
of existence, without thought—a condition which lasted long.
Then, very suddenly, thought, and shuddering terror, and
earnest endeavor to comprehend my true state. Then a
strong desire to lapse into insensibility. Then a rushing re-
vival of soul and a successful effort to move. And now a
full memory of the trial, of the judges, of the sable draperies,
of the sentence, of the sickness, of the swoon. Then entire
forgetfulness of all that followed ; of all that a later day and
much earnestness of endeavor have enabled me vaguely to
recall.

So far, I had not opened my eyes. I felt that I lay upon
my back, unbound. I reached out my hand, and it fell hea-
vily upon something damp and hard. There I suffered it to
remain for many minutes, while I strove to imagine where
and what I could be. I longed, yet dared not to employ my
vision. I dreaded the first glance at objects around me. It
was not that I feared to look upon things horrible, but that I
grew aghast lest there should be nothing to see. At length,

with a wild desperation at heart, I quickly unclosed my
eyes. My worst thoughts, then, were confirmed. The black-
ness of eternal night encompassed me. I struggled for breath.
The intensity of the darkness seemed to oppress and stifle
me. The atmosphere was intolerably close. I still lay qui-
etly, and made effort to exercise my reason. I brought to
mind the inquisitorial proceedings, and attempted from that
point to deduce my real condition. The sentence had passed ;
and it appeared to me that a very long interval of time had
since elapsed. Yet not for a moment did I suppose myself
actually dead. Such a supposition, notwithstanding what we
read in fiction, is altogether inconsistent with real existence;
—but where and in what state was I ? The condemned to
death, I knew, perished usually at the auto-da-fes, and one
of these had been held on the very night of the day of my
trial. Had I been remanded to my dungeon, to await the
next sacrifice, which would not take place for many months ?
This I at once saw could not be. Victims had been in imme-
diate demand. Moreover, my dungeon, as well as all the
condemned cells at Toledo, had stone floors, and light was
not altogether excluded.

A fearful idea now suddenly drove the blood in torrents
upon my heart, and for a brief period, I once more re-
lapsed into insensibility. Upon recovering, I at once
started to my feet, trembling convulsively in every fibre. I
thrust my arms wildly above and around me in all direc-
tions. I felt nothing; yet dreaded to move a step, lest I
should be impeded by the walls of a tomb. Perspiration
burst from every pore, and stood in cold big beads upon my
forehead. The agony of suspense, grew at length intolera-
ble, and I cautiously moved forward, with my arms extend-
ed, and my eyes straining from their sockets, in the hope of
catching some faint ray of light. I proceeded for many paces;
but still all was blackness and vacancy. I breathed more
freely. It seemed evident that mine was not, at least, the
most hideous of fates.

And now, as I still continued to step cautiously onward,
there came thronging upon my recollection a thousand vague
rumors of the horrors of Toledo. Of the dungeons there had
been strange things narrated—fables I had always deemed
them—but yet strange, and too ghastly to repeat, save in a
whisper. Was I left to perish of starvation in this subterranean
world of darkness ; or what fate, perhaps even more fearful,
awaited me ? That the result would be death, and a death
of more than customary bitterness, I knew too well the cha-
racter of my judges to doubt. The mode and the hour were
all that occupied or distracted me.

My outstretched hands at length encountered some solid
obstruction. It was a wall, seemingly of stone masonry—
very smooth, slimy, and cold. I followed it up ; stepping
with all the careful distrust with which certain antique
narratives had inspired me. This process, however, afford-
ed me no means of ascertaining the dimensions of my dun-
geon ; as I might make its circuit, and return to the point
whence I set out, without being aware of the fact; so per-
fectly uniform seemed the wall. I therefore sought the knife
which had been in my pocket, when led into the inquisitori-
al chamber; but it was gone; my clothes had been exchan-
ged for a wrapper of coarse serge. I had thought of forcing
the blade in some minute crevice of the masonry, so as to
identify my point of departure. The difficulty, nevertheless,
was but trivial; although, in the disorder of my fancy, it
seemed at first insuperable. I tore a part of the hem from
the robe and placed the fragmental full length, and at right
angles to the wall. In groping my way around the prison,

I could not fail to encounter this rag upon completing the

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

309

circuit. So, at least I thought: but I had not counted upon
the extent of the dungeon, or upon my own weakness. The
ground was moist and slippery. I staggered onward for some
time, when I stumbled and fell. My excessive fatigue in-
duced me to remain prostrate ; and sleep soon overtook me
as I lay.

Upon awaking, and stretching forth an arm, I found beside
me a loaf and a pitcher with water. I was too much ex-
hausted to reflect upon this circumstance, but ate and drank
with avidity. Shortly afterward, I resumed my tour around
the prison, and with much toil, came at last upon the frag-
ment of the serge. Up to the period when I fell I had count-
ed fifty-two paces, and upon resuming my walk, I had count-
ed forty-eight more;—when I arrived at the rag. There
were in all, then, a hundred paces; and, admitting two pa-
ces to the yard, I presumed the dungeon to be fifty yards in
circuit. I had met, however, with many angles in the wall,
and thus I could form no guess at the shape of the vault;
for vault I could not help supposing it to be.

I had little object—certainly no hope—in these researches;
but a vague curiosity prompted me to continue them. Quit-
ting the wall, I resolved to cross the area of the enclosure. At
first I proceeded with extreme caution, for the floor, although
seemingly of solid material, was treacherous with slime. At
length, however, I took courage, and did not hesitate to step
firmly; endeavoring to cross in as direct a line as possible.

I had advanced some ten or twelve paces in this manner,
when the remnant of the torn hem of my robe became entan-
gled between my legs. I stepped on it, and fell violently on
my face.

In the confusion attending my fall, I did not immediately
apprehend a somewhat startling circumstance, which yet, in
a few seconds afterward, and while I still lay prostrate, ar-
rested my attention. It was this—my chin rested upon the
floor of the prison, but my lips and the upper portion of my
head, although seemingly at a less elevation than the chin,
touched nothing. At the same time my forehead seemed
bathed in a clammy vapor, and the peculiar smell of decayed
fungus arose to my nostrils. I put forward my arm, and
shuddered to find that I had fallen at the very brink of a
circular pit, whose extent, of course, I had no means of as-
certaining at the moment. Groping about the masonry just
below the margin, I succeeded in dislodging a small frag-
ment, and let it fall into the abyss. For many seconds I
hearkened to its reverberations as it dashed against the sides
of the chasm in its descent; a: length there was a sullen
plunge into water, succeeded by loud echoes. At the same
moment there came a sound resembling the quick opening,
and as rapid closing of a door overhead, while a faint gleam
of light flashed suddenly through the gloom, and as suddenly
faded away.

I saw clearly the doom which had been prepared for me,
and congratulated myself upon the timely accident by which
I had escaped. Another step before my fall, and the world
had seen me no more. And the death just avoided, was of
that very character which I had regarded as fabulous and
frivolous in the tales respecting the Inquisition. To the vic-
tims of its tyranny, there was the choice of death with its
direst physical agonies, or death with its most hideous moral
horrors. I had been reserved for the latter. By long suffer
ing my nerves had been unstrung, until I trembled at the
sound of my own voice, and had become in every respect a
fitting subject for the species of torture which awaited me.

Shaking in every limb, I groped my way back to the wall;
resolving there to perish rather than risk the terrors of the
wells, of which my imagination now pictured many in vari-
ous positions about the dungeon. In other conditions of mind
I might have had courage to end my misery at once by a
plunge into one of these abysses ; but now I was the veriest
of cowards. Neither could I forget what I had read of these
pits—that the sudden extinction of life formed no part of
their most horrible plan.

Agitation of spirit kept me awake for many long hours;
but at length I again slumbered. Upon arousing, I found by
my side, as before, a loaf and a pitcher of water. A burning
thirst consumed me, and I emptied the vessel at a draught.

It must have been drugged ; for scarcely had I drunk, before
I became irresistibly drowsy. A deep sleep fell upon me—a
sleep like that of death. How long it lasted of course, I
know not; but when, once again, I unclosed my eyes, the
objects around me were visible. By a wild sulphurous lus-

tre, the origin of which I could not at first determine, I was
enabled to see the extent and aspect of the prison.

In its size I had been greatly mistaken. The whole cir-
cuit of its walls did not exceed twenty-five yards. For some
minutes this fact occasioned me a world of vain trouble;
vain indeed! for what could be of less importance, under the
terrible circumstances which environed me, than the mere
dimensions of my dungeon ? But my soul took a wild inte-
rest in trifles, and I busied myself in endeavors to account
for the error I had committed in my measurement. The
truth at length flashed upon me. In my first attempt at ex-

ploration I had counted fifty-two paces, up to the period when
I fell; I must then have been within a pace or two of the
fragment of serge; in fact, I had nearly performed the cir-
cuit of the vault. I then slept, and upon awaking, I must
have returned upon my steps—thus supposing the circuit
nearly double what it actually was. My confusion of mind
prevented me from observing that I began my tour with
the wall to the left, and ended it with the wall to the right.

I had been deceived, too, in respect to the shape of the en-
closure. In feeling my way I had found many angles, and
thus deduced an idea of great irregularity ; so potent is the
effect of total darkness upon one arousing from lethargy or
sleep ! The angles were simply those of a few slight depres-
sions, or niches, at odd intervals. The general shape of the
prison was square. What I had taken for masonry seemed
now to be iron, or some other metal, in huge plates, whose
sutures or joints occasioned the depression. The entire sur-
face of this metallic enclosure was rudely daubed in all the
hideous and repulsive devices to which the charnel supersti-
tion of the monks has given rise. The figures of fiends in
aspects of menace, with skeleton forms, and other more really
fearful images, overspread and disfigured the walls. I ob-
served that the outlines of these monstrosities were sufficient-
ly distinct, but that the colors seemed faded and blurred, as
if from the effects of a damp atmosphere. I now noticed the
floor, too, which was of stone. In the centre yawned the
circular pit from whose jaws I had escaped ; but it was the
only one in the dungeon.

All this I saw indistinctly and by much effort: for my per-
sonal condition had been greatly changed during slumber. I
now lay upon my back, and at full length, on a species of
low framework of wood. To this I was securely bound by
a long strap resembling a surcingle. It passed in many con-
volutions about my limbs and body, leaving at liberty only
my head, and my left arm to such extent that I could, by
dint of much exertion, supply myself with food from an earth-
en dish which lay by my side on the floor. I saw, to my
horror, that the pitcher had been removed. I say to my hor-
ror; for I was consumed with intolerable thirst. This thirst
it appeared to be the design of my persecutors to stimulate:
for the food in the dish was meat pungently seasoned.

Looking upward, I surveyed the ceiling of my prison. It
was some thirty or forty feet overhead, and constructed much
as the side walls. In one of its panels a very singular figure
riveted my whole attention. It was the painted figure of
Time as he is commonly represented, save that, in lieu of a
scythe, he held what, at a casual glance, I supposed to be
the pictured image of a huge pendulum such as we see on
antique clocks. There was something, however, in the ap-
pearance of this machine which caused me to regard it more
attentively. While I gazed directly upward at it (for its
position was immediately over my own) I fancied that I saw
it in motion. In an instant afterward the fancy was confirm-
ed. Its sweep was brief, and of course slow. I watched it
for some minutes, somewhat in fear, but more in wonder.
Wearied at length with observing its dull movement, I turn-
ed my eyes upon the other objects in the cell.

A slight noise attracted my notice, and, looking to the
floor, I saw several enormous rats traversing it. They had
issued from the well, which lay just within view to my
right. Even then, while I gazed, they came up in troops,
hurriedly, with ravenous eyes, allured by the scent of the
meat. From this it required much effort and attention to
scare them away.

It might have been half an hour, perhaps even an hour,

(for I could take but imperfect note of time) before I again
cast my eyes upward. What I then saw confounded and
amazed me. The sweep of the pendulum had increased in
extent by nearly a yard. As a natural consequence, its ve-
locity was also much greater. But what mainly disturbed
me was the idea that it had perceptibly descended. I now

310

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

observed—with what horror it is needless to say—that its
nether extremity was formed of a crescent of glittering steel,
about a foot in length from horn to horn; the horns upward,
and the under edge evidently as keen as that of a razor.
Like a razor also, it seemed massy and heavy, tapering from
the edge into a solid and broad structure above. It was ap-
pended to a weighty rod of brass, and the whole hissed as
it swung through the air.

I could no longer doubt the doom prepared for me by
monkish ingenuity in torture. My cognizance of the pit
had become known to the inquisitorial agents—the pit
whose horrors had been destined for so bold a recusant as
myself—the pit, typical of hell, and regarded by rumor as
the Ultima Thule of all their punishments. The plunge in-
to this pit I had avoided by the merest of accidents, and I
knew that surprise, or entrapment into torment, formed an
important portion of all the grotesquerie of these dungeon
deaths. Having failed to fall, it was no part of the demon
plan to hurl me into the abyss; and thus (there being no al-
ternative) a different and a milder destruction awaited me.
Milder! I half smiled in my agony as I thought of such ap-
plication of such a term.

What boots it to tell of the long, long hours of horror
more than mortal, during which I counted the rushing vi-
brations of the steel! Inch by inch—line by line—with a
descent only appreciable at intervals that seemed ages—
down and still down it came! Days passed—it might have
been that many days passed—ere it swept so closely over
me as to fan me with its acrid breath. The odor of the
sharp steel forced itself into my nostrils. I prayed—I wea-
ried heaven with my prayer for its more speedy descent.
I grew frantically mad, and struggled to force myself up-
ward against the sweep of the fearful scimitar. And then
I fell suddenly calm, and lay smiling at the glittering death,
as a child at some rare bauble.

There was another interval of utter insensibility ; it was
brief; for, upon again lapsing into life there had been no
perceptible descent in the pendulum. But it might have
been long; for I knew there were demons who took note
of my swoon, and who could have arrested the vibration at
pleasure. Upon my recovery, too, I felt very—oh, inex-
pressibly sick and weak, as if through long inanition. Even
amid the agonies of that period, the human nature craved
food. With painful effort I outstretched my left arm as far
as my bonds permitted, and took possession of the small
remnant which had been spared me by the rats. As I put
a portion of it within my lips, there rushed to my mind a
half formed thought of joy—of hope. Yet what business
had I with hope? It was, as I say, a half formed thought
—man has many such which are never completed. I felt
that it was of joy—of hope ; but I felt also that it had perish-
ed in its formation. In vain I struggled to perfect—to re-
ain it. Long suffering had nearly annihilated all my ordinary
powers of mind. I was an imbecile—an idiot.

The vibration of the pendulum was at right angles to my
length. I saw that the crescent was designed to cross the
region of the heart. It would fray the serge of my robe—
it would return and repeat its operations—again—and again.
Notwithstanding its terrifically wide sweep (some thirty feet
or more) and the hissing vigor of its descent, sufficient to
sunder these very walls of iron, still the fraying of my robe
would be all that, for several minutes, it would accomplish.
And at this thought I paused. I dared not go farther than
this reflection. I dwelt upon it with a pertinacity of atten-
tion—as if, in so dwelling, I could arrest here the descent
of the steel. I forced myself to ponder upon the sound of the
crescent as it should pass across the garment—upon the pe-
culiar thrilling sensation which the friction of cloth produces
on the nerves. I pondered upon all this frivolity until my
teeth were on edge.

Down—steadily down it crept. I took a frenzied plea-
sure in contrasting its downward with its lateral velocity.
To the right—to the left—far and wide—with the shriek of
a damned spirit; to my heart with the stealthy pace of the
tiger! I alternately laughed and bowled as the one or the
other idea grew predominant.

Down—certainly, relentlessly down ! It vibrated within
three inches of my bosom ! I struggled violently, furiously,
to free my left arm. This was free only from the elbow to
the hand. I could reach the latter, from the platter beside
me, to my mouth, with great effort, but no farther. Could
I have broken the fastenings above the elbow, I would have

seized and attempted to arrest the pendulum. I might as
well have attempted to arrest an avalanche !

Down—still unceasingly—still inevitably down ! I gasp-
ed and struggled at each vibration. I shrunk convulsively
at its every sweep. My eyes followed its outward or up-
ward whirls with the eagerness of the most unmeaning de-
spair ; they closed themselves spasmodically at the descent,
although death would have been a relief, oh ! how unspeak-
able ! Still I quivered in every nerve to think how slight a
sinking of the machinery would precipitate that keen, glist-
ening axe upon my bosom. It was hope that prompted the
nerve to quiver—the frame to shrink. It was hope—the
hope that triumphs on the rack—that whispers to the death-
condemned even in the dungeons of the Inquisition.

I saw that some ten or twelve vibrations would bring the
steel in actual contact with my robe, and with this observa-
tion there suddenly came over my spirit all the keen, col-
lected calmness of despair. For the first time during many
hours—or perhaps days—I thought. It now occurred to me
that the bandage, or surcingle, which enveloped me, was un-
ique. I was tied by no separate cord. The first stroke of the
razor-like crescent athwart any portion of the band, would
so detach it that it might be unwound from my person by
means of my left hand. But how fearful, in that case, the
proximity of the steel! The result of the slightest struggle
how deadly ! Was it likely, moreover, that the minions of
the torturer had not foreseen and provided for this possibility !
Was it probable that the bandage crossed my bosom in the
track of the pendulum ? Dreading to find my faint, and,
as it seemed, my last hope frustrated, I so far elevated my
head as to obtain a distinct view of my breast. The surcin-
gle enveloped my limbs and body close in all directions—
save in the path of the destroying crescent.

Scarcely had I dropped my head back into its original po-
sition, when there flashed upon my mind what I cannot bet-
ter describe than as the unformed half of that idea of deliv-
erance to which I have previously alluded, and of which a
moiety only floated indeterminately through my brain when
I raised food to my burning lips. The whole thought was
now present—feeble, scarcely sane, scarcely definite,—but
still entire. I proceeded at once, with the nervous energy of
despair, to attempt its execution.

For many hours the immediate vicinity of the low frame-
work upon which I lay, had been literally swarming with
rats. They were wild, bold, ravenous; their red eyes gla-
ring upon me as if they waited but for motionlessness on my
part to make me their prey. “ To what food," I thought,
“have they been accustomed in the well.”

They had devoured, in spite of all my efforts to prevent
them, all but a small remnant of the contents of the dish.

I had fallen into an habitual see-saw, or wave of the hand
about the platter; and, at length, the unconscious uniformi-
ty of the movement deprived it of effect. In their voracity
the vermin frequently fastened their sharp fangs in my fing-
ers. With the particles of the oily and spicy viand which
now remained, I thoroughly rubbed the bundage wherever I
could reach it; then, raising my hand from the floor, I lay
breathlessly still.

At first the ravenous animals were startled and terrified at
the change—at the cessation of movement. They shrank
alarmedly back ; many sought the well. But this was only
for a moment. I had not counted in vain upon their voracity.
Observing that I remained without motion, one or two of
the boldest leaped upon the frame-work, and smelt at the
surcingle. This seemed the signal for a general rush. Forth
from the well they hurried in fresh troops. They clung to
the wood—they overran it, and leaped in hundreds upon my
person. The measured movement of the pendulum distur-
bed them not at all. Avoiding its strokes they busied them-
selves with the anointed bandage. They pressed—they
swarmed upon me in ever accumulating heaps. They wri-
thed upon my throat; their cold lips sought my own ; I was
half stifled by their thronging pressure; disgust, for which
the world has no name, swelled my bosom, and chilled, with
a heavy clamminess, my heart. Yet one minute, and I felt
that the struggle would be over. Plainly I perceived the
loosening of the bandage. I knew that in more than one
place it must be already severed. With a more than human
resolution 1 lay still.

Nor had I erred in my calculations—nor had I endured in
vain. I at length felt that I was free. The surcingle hung
in ribands from my body. But the stroke of the pendulum

THE BROADWAY. JOURNAL.

311

already pressed upon my bosom. It had divided the serge of
the robe. It had cut through the linen beneath. Twice
again it swung, and a sharp sense of pain shot through eve-
ry nerve. But the moment of escape had arrived. At a wave
of ray hand my deliverers hurried tumultuously away. With
a steady movement—cautious, sidelong, shrinking, and slow
—I slid from the embrace of the bandage and beyond the
the reach of the scimitar. For the moment, at least, I was
free.

Free!—and in the grasp of the Inquisition ! I had scarce-
ly stepped from my wooden bed of horror upon the stone
door of the prison, when the motion of the hellish machine
ceased and I beheld it drawn up, by some invisible force,
through the ceiling. This was a lesson which I took des-
perately to heart. My every motion was undoubtedly watch-
ed Free !—I had but escaped death in one form of agony,
to be delivered unto worse than death in some other. With
that thought I rolled my eyes nervously around on the bar-
riers of iron that hemmed me in. Something unusual—some
change which, at first, I could not appreciate distinctly—it
was obvious, had taken place in the apartment. For many
minutes of a dreamy and trembling abstraction, I busied my-
self in vain, unconnected conjecture. During this period, I
became aware, for the first time, of the origin of the sulphur-
ous light which illumined the cell. It proceeded from a fis-
sure, about half an inch in width, extending entirely around
the prison at the base of the walls, which thus appeared, and
were, completely separated from the floor. I endeavored,

but of course in vain, to look through the aperture.

As I arose from the attempt, the mystery of the alteration
in the chamber broke at once upon my understanding. I have
observed that, although the outlines of the figures upon the
walls were sufficiently distinct, yet the colours seemed blur-
red and indefinite. These colors had now assumed, and were
momentarily assuming, a startling and most intense brillian-
cy, that gave to the spectral and fiendship portraitures an
aspect that might have thrilled even firmer nerves than my
own. Demon eyes, of a wild and ghastly vivacity, glared
upon me in a thousand directions, where none had been visi-
ble before, and gleamed with the lurid lustre of a fire that I
could not force my imagination to regard as unreal.

Unreal!—Even while I breathed there came to my nos-
trils the breath of the vapour of heated iron ! A suffocating
odour pervaded the prison ! A deeper glow settled each mo-
ment in the eyes that glared at my agonies ! A richer tint
of crimson diffused itself over the pictured horrors of blood.

I panted ! I gasped for breath! There could be no doubt of
the design of my tormentors—oh! most unrelenting, oh.
most demoniac of men! I shrank from the glowing metal
to the centre of the cell. Amid the thought of the fiery de-
struction that impended, the idea of the coolness of the well
came over my soul like balm. I rushed to its deadly brink.

I threw my straining vision below. The glare from the en-
kindled roof illumined its inmost recesses. Yet, for a wild
moment, did my spirit refuse to comprehend the meaning of
what I saw. At length it forced—it wrestled its way into
ray soul—it burned itself in upon my shuddering reason.

Oh ! for a voice to speak !—oh ! horror!—oh ! any horror but
this! With a shriek, I rushed from the margin, and buried
my face in my hands—weeping bitterly.

The heat rapidly increased, and once again I looked up,
shuddering as with a fit of the ague. There had been a se-
cond change in the cell—and now the change was obviously
in the form. As before, it was in vain that I, at first, endea-
voured to appreciate or understand what was taking place.
But not long was I left in doubt. The Inquisitorial ven-
geance had been hurried by my two-fold escape, and there
was to be no more dallying with the King of Terrors. The
room had been square. I saw that two of its iron angles
were now acute—two, consequently, obtuse. The fearful
difference quickly increased with a low rumbling or moan-
ing sound. In an instant the apartment had shifted its form
into that of a lozenge. But the alteration stopped not here
—I neither hoped nor desired it to stop. I could have clasp-
ed the red walls to my bosom as a garment of eternal peace.

“ Death," I said, "any death but that of the pit. Fool,
might I have not known that into the pit it was the object of
the burning iron to urge me ? Could I resist its glow ? or,
if even that, could I withstand its pressure ? And now. flat-
ter and flatter grew the lozenge, with a rapidity that left me
no time for contemplation. Its centre, and of course, its
greatest width, came just over the yawning gulf. I shrank

back but the closing walls pressed me resistlessly onward.
At length for my seared and writhing body there was no
longer an inch of foothold on the firm floor of the prison. I
struggled no more, but the agony of my soul found vent in
one loud, long, and final scream of despair. I felt that I tot-
tered upon the brink—I averted my eyes—

There was a discordant hum of human voices ! There was
a loud blast as of many trumpets! There was a harsh gra-
ting as of a thousand thunders! The fiery walls rushed back!
An outstretched arm caught my own as I fell, fainting, into
the abyss. It was that of General Lasalle. The French ar-
my had entered Toledo. The Inquisition was in the hands
of its enemies.

EDGAR A. POE.

MAY.

The dainty May has come, with steps like pauses
Between melodious cadences, and glances
Gleaming with smiles;—a robe of emerald gauzes
Draping her delicate limbs. A glory dances,

Halo-like, round her, and the plain is bright
From the excess of that luxurious light.

O’er earth—their cradle—wave the trembling tresses
Of gorgeous grasses: fairy flowers inwoven
With many colored hues—whence fragrance presses
(When the warm sun their radiant buds hath cloven,)

In silver mist, wave over wave, to heaven—

Drink beauty, star-like, from the dews of even.

Old mossy oaks, Druids decayed and hoary
Arise from dreams—and, while the twittering swallow
Hovers above them, don their ancient glory:

The spotted fawn careers along the hollow ;

And many a bird fills the soft wind’s fine ear
With heavenly harmonies that it thrills to hear.

Deep in the dingle—singing, gurgling, plashing

O’er wave-worn stones—the rippling streamlet murmurs;
While through its light the brighter trout is flashing.

The air is full of bees—ethereal hummers!

Fays of the atmosphere, that love to bosom
Themselves, like Oberon, in some bright blossom !

An olden Dryad, May, art thou, o’erflowing
(As stars with light) with primal tendernesses,

And clasping thee, the passionate bard and glowing
Wanders away through sylvan lovelinesses,

Alive with love,—his heart a silver river

On which the swan of song floats gracefully forever.

Pbiladelphia, May, 1844.	HENRY B HIRST.

EVIEWS.

Headlong Hall and Nightmare Abbey.

The French in Algiers..

Nos. 7 and 8 of Wiley & Putnam’s Library of Choice Reading.

The first of these works has become a semi-classic in English,
literature, and being one of those books which only wits love
to read, for it makes no appeal to the vulgar, has not been
circulated to the extent that its merits deserve in this coun-
try. It is a broad but pleasant satire on the false philoso-
phies and false tastes that were in vogue thirty years ago—
but as each of its personages represents a class, with a very
trifling alteration of names, it will apply as well to the errors
of the present as to those of the past age. The author is
neither a poet nor a cynic, but a good-natured scholarly gen-
tleman, who is rather disposed to laugh the world out of its
errors than to sneer at them; he is neither as startling nor as
amusing as Swift, but he is infinitely more friendly and win-
ning. One would not care to be on terms of intimacy with
the Dean, but the most sensitive of men would never fear the
genial humor of the guests of Headlong Hall; or the tenants
of Nightmare Abbey. McLaurel, the Scottish reviewer, in

312

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Headlong Hall, might have furnished Bulwer an original for
his Macgrowler. To be fully appreciated the author should
be fully read; some of his works possess considerable novel-
esque interest, but they depend mainly upon their fine satiri-
cal vein. We trust that the publisher will bring out the other
works of the author in their popular series to render the col-
lection complete. They consist of, Maid Marian, Crotchet
Castle, Melincourt, and the Misfortunes of Elphin, in addi-
tion to the two first published.

The French in Algiers is new and startling; the name of
Lady Gordon on the title page, the ingenious translator of
the Amber Witch, should alone be sufficient to give it cur-
rency.

The following extract from the Journal of an officer of the
French, who was a prisoner to the Arabs, will give an idea
of the quality of this interesting book:

I had gone only a few steps, when a troop of Arabs suddenly poured
out of a ravine, came down upon us at full gallop, and surrounded us
on all sides. They advanced towards me, crying, “Semi! Semi!"
(Friends ! Friends !) Deceived by these exclamations, I turned to ex-
plain them to the Doctor, when one of the Arabs snatched at the mus-
ket which I held in my hand; this showed me their real intentions,
and I instantly fired at the Arab who had tried to seize the musket,
and broke his shoulder. He dropped his gun, which was loaded, and
was forced to throw his arm around the neck of his horse to prevent
falling off. I darted at the gun, but two Arabs took aim at my head,
and as I turned away to avoid their fire, one ball gave me a slight
wound on the head, and the other passed through my shirt and grazed
my breast.

I had not lost sight of the wounded Arab’s gun, and stooped again
to pick it up, when something rough slipped over my face; I raised
my hands to it, and felt a rope round my neck; at the same moment,
a violent jerk brought me to the ground, and an Arab; who had the
other end of the rope fastened to his saddle-bow, set off at full gallop.

My cries and entreaties were all in vain ; the Arab spurred on his
horse, and I was dragged half-strangled through rocks and briars.
This horrible torture lasted some minutes, until the horse was forced
by steep and stony ground to slacken his pace, when I got on my feet
again. In spite of the wounds with which my face, hands, and legs
were covered, and the stunning effects of such a shock, I still had
strength to seize the cord so as to keep myself from being strangled,
and to run forward and catch hold of the horse’s tail.

But as soon as the other Arabs, who had been dispersed by the
sailors sent to our assistance, rejoined their companions, I was loaded
with abuse and stripped nearly naked. Our misfortune had been seen
from the brig, which immediately fired upon the Arabs; but every
shot cost me a fresh shower of blows, and the horse to which I was
tied took fright at the noise and started forward, and I again fell to
the ground; the Arabs ran after me, beating me all the time ; and if
by chance I succeeded in getting on my feet, my pitiless persecutor
set off again at a gallop, casting looks of contempt upon me.

The incessant galloping of the horse, and the violent jerks of the
cord which dragged and rolled me among the rocks and briars, leaving
a track of blood behind me—the abuse and the blows of the Arabs,
lasted a quarter of an hour : this sounds but a short time, but it seemed
very long to me.

As soon as the Arabs thought themselves out of reach of pursuit,
they halted in order to cut off my head. The rope was taken off my
neck, my hands bound behind my back, and I was tied to a dwarf
palm-tree. I was so tired, that I lay down upon the ground perfectly
indifferent to the fate which I knew awaited all prisoners taken by
the Arabs. I had but one sad thought, of my family and my poor
sister; but this was soon driven away by the near approach of death,
and the animated scene in which I, though chained and silent, was the
principal person.

A violent discussion had arisen among the Arabs; they brandished
their sabres over my head, and each claimed the pleasure of cutting it
off, all crying at once, “ I took him, I have a right to cut off his head
and each, to prove the truth of his assertion, showed a fragment of my
shirt or of my coat. The Arabs were already taking aim at one
another, and exclaiming, “ I ought to cut off his head, and I will kill
you if you don’t let me enjoy my rights,” when a horseman galloped
up and threw into my lap the head of Jonquie, one of the sailors ; as I
turned away in disgust at this horrible spectacle, I saw the Arab whom
I had wounded lying on the ground about fifty paces off. He could
scarcely support himself, and was endeavoring to aim at me with a
pistol which he held in his left hand. But horsemen were every in-
stant passing to and fro before him, and he dropped his hand, patiently
awaiting the favorable moment to fire.

I was expecting the end of this horrible discussion with some impa-
tience, when the arrival of another horseman changed the determina-
tion of the Arabs. This was Adda, a spy of Abd-el-Kader, who had
often visited us at Arzew, where he feigned an intention of establishing
himself, and allayed any suspicion we might entertain of him, by as-
suring us that his frequent visits were for the purpose of selecting
some favorable spot for the settlement of his tribe. Delighted at the
good will he manifested towards us, we had frequently invited him to
dinner. But the traitor had far different designs. He made use of his
visits to mark the exact spot to which our cuttle were driven: he had
determined to seize them, and it was with that object that he had

 hidden himself in the ravine with the troop which had taken me
 prisoner.

When Adda saw them furiously disputing who should kill me, he ex-
claimed that I was an officer, and that Abd-el-Kader would give them
much more for my head if it was left upon my shoulders, and would
willingly replace the three horses they had lost if I were taken to him
alive.

But the Arabs still continued to brandish their yataghans over my
head, with the most horrible imprecations against the dog of a
Christian.

Adda used still longer arguments ; and when the dying Arab had
been removed, it was decided that I should be presented alive to Abd-
el-Kader, who was to choose the manner of my death, after paying my
ransom and replacing the horses which our men had shot.

Just as we were setting off, an Arab brought me a straw hat with
poor Jonquie’s head in it, and bade me carry it. I refused, and was
instantly assailed on all sides by blows and abuse, and cries of “ Carry
the head, dog of a Christian.”

“ I will die first,” said I, throwing myself on the ground ; and the
Arabs were about to dispatch me with the butt-ends of their rifles,
when Adda, who was very anxious to deliver me alive to Abd-el-
Kader, interposed. The head was hung to the saddle-bow of one of
the Arabs, and after venting their ill-humor on me by more blows,
we started.

During our journey across the plain of Macta, we stopped at three
successive wells, where several Arabs of the neighboring tribe met us
and drew water for our men and horses. I went towards the well to
drink, but the Arabs who held the bucket spat in my face, saying,
“ This water is not for a dog of a Christian like thee.”

I made no answer, and went to the next well, but there too the
Arab who was drawing water spat in my face, and said, “ This water
is not for a Christian like thee.”

Again I bore it with patience, but the Arab at the third well, not
content with spitting in my face and addressing the same compliment
to me as his predecessors had done, dashed a bucket full of water in
my face. I was bathed in perspiration, and no doubt such treatment
would have brought on an inflammation in my chest if I had had time
to be ill. As it was, I shivered and threw myself on the ground
(always my last resource,) crying, “ You may kill me if you please ;
I will not move another step, I am dying of thirst.” This was no
more than the truth, for my tongue and my mouth were like a piece of
dry cork, and I was fainting from thirst. At length Adda went him-
self, drew some water and brought it to me.

We resumed our journey through a country in which the barley har-
vest was going on, and every time we passed any Arabs at work in the
fields or a party of horsemen, my guards called out, “ Come and see
the Christian dog;" and they all came and spat in my face, and fired
off their muskets close to my head, so that the balls whizzed about
my ears. I must confess that these demonstrations of joy alarmed
me a good deal until I got used to them.

During the course of our day’s journey we had to ford several rivers ;
but though I was often up to my middle in the water, these barbarians
would not allow me to take a little in the palm of my hand, till at last,
in spite of their threats and blows, I flung myself down in the bed of
the river and drank deep draughts : this refreshed me but for a short
time, and at every fresh river I had to resort to the same expedient.

At length I fell, exhausted with fatigue. It was three o’clock, and
I had walked since five in the morning, and my feet were torn and
bleeding. The Arabs mounted me on one of their horses, but in a
quarter of an hour the owner of it dragged me off its back by my leg.
I walked for two hours more, and then rode again. At length we ar-
rived about nightfall at the camp of the Borgia tribe.

Here I was exposed to the blows, insults, and spittings of men,
women, and children. A tent was pitched for my guards into which I
was but half admitted, and I lay on the earth beyond the carpet.

Our party had chickens boiled with kuskussu for supper, which they
ate voraciously; I should have been very glad of a bit, but they con-
sidered me unworthy of such a dainty, and flung me a handful of kus-
kussu, which I could not swallow, as it was dry and bad, and my
throat was so sore.

We were travelling the road from Mascara to Mostaganem, and my
heart beat for joy at the sight of the tracks of the French cannon. I
hoped that we might fall in with some French out-posts, and for a mo-
ment I forgot all my misery, and even the putrid and bloody head
before me, and fancied myself on board the brig and in the arms of
my friends and relations, or firing a broadside at the Arabs. I was
rather roughly waked out of my reverie by a shower of blows which
the Arabs gave me in order to hasten my horse’s pace. In a few
minutes I urged the animal on, and immediately they beat me vio-
lently, crying, “ A Christian dog like thee may not dare to strike the
horse of an Arab.”

We continued our journey in this manner for six hours, at the end
of which the Arabs began to shout for joy, and Adda told me that we
had reached Abd-el-Kader’s camp, which is close to the town of
Kaala. It was not without emotion that I passed the first tents of the
man who was to decide my fate.

Abd-el-Kader.

Abd-el-Kader’s camp stood in a grove of fig trees, on the road from
Mascora to Mostaganem, and the tracks of the wheels of the French
artillery were still visible in the very midst of it. On arriving at the
first tent my guards forced me to dismount, and in a moment I was
surrounded by a host of Arabs of every age and both sexes, shouting
and screaming—“ Son of dog,” “ Dog of a Christian,” “ Cut off his
head,” &c., with the usual accompaniment of blows and spitting.

Presently the chaous came to my rescue, and by dint of vigorous
blows they at last succeeded in delivering me from the hands of these
savages, and conducted me to Abd-el-Kader’s tent. My first recep-
tion in the camp had not been of a kind fitted to dispel the fears with

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

313

which I went into his presence. But as soon as Abd-el-Kader saw
the pallor of my face he smiled and motioned me to sit, saying,
“ As long as thou art with me fear neither insult nor ill usage.”

Emboldened by this gracious reception I asked him for something
to drink, as, thanks to my guards, I had not drank since the day be-
fore. Abd-el-Kader immediately ordered me to be conducted to the
tent which served as a store-house, and there I received a melon,
some grapes, white bread, and water. The melon was so good, the
water so cool, and Abd-el-Kader’s manner had been so humane, that
my hopes and my appetite revived. Alter devouring the melon and
drinking a whole jar of water, I was again led into the Sultan’s pres-
ence. His tent is the most magnificent in the camp : it is thirty feet
long and eleven feet high ; the inside is lined with hangings of various
colors, covered with arasbesques and crescents in red, blue, green, and
yellow. A woollen curtain divides it into two unequal parts, in the
futhermost and smaller of which is a mattress on which the Sultan
sleeps. At the further end is a small entrance for the service of the
tent and the slaves especially attached to the person of the Sultan:
these are Ben Abu and Ben Faka, of whom I shall have to say more
hereafter. During the day the tent remains open and accessible to all.

On the ground, in one comer, lie four silken rags rolled up: these
are borne before Abd-el-Kader on every march by four horsemen ; the
flag, belonging to the cavalry, is red; the second, that of the infant-
ry, has a horizontal yellow stripe between two blue ones ; the third,
two horizontal stripes—one green and the other white ; and the fourth
is half red and half yellow. Every Friday these flags are unfurled in
front of the Sultan’s tent. There is also a small mattress covered
with a carpet, on which lie two red silk cushions ; at each end of the
mattress is a chest, and behind it two other chests; the whole is then
covered with a carpet, and forms Abd-el-Kader’s sofa : the chests con-
tain his clothes and money. A carpet is spread on the ground for
strangers. These things, together with a high footstool, covered
with red silk, which serves the Sultan as a horse-block, constitute all
the furniture of the Sultan’s tent. The tent is always guarded by
thirty negroes, who are never relieved, and have no other bed than
the earth. A good many chaous are always in attendance, ready to
obey the commands of their ruler.

I will now endeavor to describe a man, of whom at present very
little is known. From all that I had heard, I expected to find a blood-
thirsty barbarian, always ready to cut off heads: my expectations
were false indeed.

Abd-el-Kader is twenty-eight years of age and very small, his face
is long and deadly pale, his large black eyes are soft and languishing,
his mouth small and delicate, and his nose rather aquiline ; his beard
is thin but jet black, and he wears a small mustachio, which gives a
martial character to his soft and delicate face, and becomes him vast-
ly. His hands are small and exquisitely formed, and his feet equally
beautiful ; the care he takes of them is quite coquettish: he is con-
stantly washing them, and paring and filing his nails with a small
knife with a beautiful carved mother-of-pearl handle, which he holds
all the while as he sits crouching on his cushion with his toes clasped
between his fingers.

His dress is distinguished by the most studied simplicity; there is
not a vestige of gold or embroidery on any part of it. He wears a
shirt of very fine linen, the seams of which are covered with a silk
braid terminating in a small silk tassel. Over the shirt is a haick, and
over the haick two white bernouses; the uppermost garment is a black
bernouse. A few silk tassels are the only ornaments about his dress;
he wears no arms in his girdle, his head is shaved and covered by
three or four scullcaps, one within the other, over which he draws the
hood of his bernouse.

The second time that I went to the Sultan’s tent, he was seated on
some cushions, with his secretaries and some marabouts crouching in
a semicircle on either side of him: his smiling and graceful countenance
contrasted charmingly with the stupid, savage faces around him.

The Sultan, with a smile of the greatest kindness, bade me be seat-
ed, and asked me, in Arabic, my name and where I was taken, and on
my answering his questions, told me to fear nothing so long as I was
with him.

Old English Poetry.—The Book or Gems. Edited by S. C. Hall.

It should not be doubted that at least one third of the affec-
tion with which we regard the elder poets of Great Britain,
should be attributed to what is, in itself, a thing apart from
poetry—we mean to the simple love of the antique—and
that, again, a third of even the proper poetic sentiment in-
spired by their writings, should be ascribed to a fact which,
while it has strict connexion with poetry in the abstract, and
with the old British poems themselves, should not be looked
upon as a merit appertaining to the authors of the poems.
Almost every devout admirer of the old bards, if demanded
his opinion of their productions, would mention vaguely,
yet with perfect sincerity, a sense of dreamy, wild, indefi-
nite, and he would perhaps say, indefinable delight; on being
required to point out the source of this so shadowy pleasure,
he would be apt to speak of the quaint in phraseology, and
in general handling. This quaintness is, in fact, a very
powerful adjunct to ideality, but in the case in question, it
arises independently of the author’s will, and is altogether

apart from his intention. Words and their rhythm have
varied. Verses which affect us to-day with a vivid delight,
and which delight, in many instances, may be traced to the
one source, quainlness, must have worn, in the days of their
construction, a very common-place air. This is, of course,
no argument against the poems now—we mean it only as
against the poets then. There is a growing desire to over-
rate them. The old English muse was frank, guileless, sin-
cere, and although very learned still learned without Art. No
general error evinces a more thorough confusion of ideas
than the error of supposing Donne and Cowley metaphysical
in the sense wherein Wordsworth and Coleridge are so. With
the two former ethics were the end—with the two latter the
means. The poet of the “ Creation” wished, by highly arti-
ficial verse, to inculcate what he supposed to be moral truth
—the poet of the “ Ancient Mariner” to infuse the Poetic
Sentiment through channels suggested by analysis. The one
finished by complete failure what he commenced in the gros-
sest misconception; the other, by a path which could not
possibly lead him astray, arrived at a triumph which is not
the less glorious because hidden from the profane eyes of the
multitude. But in this view even the “metaphysical verse”
of Cowley is but evidence of the simplicity and single-heart-
edness of the man. And he was in this hut a type of his
school—for we may as well designate in this way the entire
class of writers whose poems are bound up in the volume
before us, and throughout all of whom there runs a very per-
ceptible general character. They used little art in composi-
tion. Their writings sprang immediately from the soul—
and partook intensely of that soul’s nature. Nor is it difficult
to perceive the tendency of this abandon—to elevate immea-
surably all the energies of mind—but, again, so to mingle
the greatest possible fire, force, delicacy, and all good things,
with the lowest possible bathos, baldness, and imbecility, as
to render it not a matter of doubt that the average results of
mind in such a school will be found inferior to those results
in one (ceteris paribus) more artificial.

We cannot bring ourselves to believe, that the selections
of the “ Book of Gems” are such as will impart to a poetical
reader the clearest possible idea of the beauty of the school—
but if the intention had been merely to show the school’s
character, the attempt might have been considered success-
ful in the highest degree. There are long passages now be-
fore us, of the most despicable trash, with no merit whatever,
beyond that of their antiquity. The criticisms of the Editor
do not particularly please us. His enthusiasm is too general
and too vivid not to be false. His opinion, for example, of Sir
Henry Wotton’s “ Verses on the Queen of Bohemia”—that
“ there are few finer things in our language” is untenable
and absurd. We quote the lines :

You meaner beauties of the Night
That poorly satisfy our eyes
More by your number than your light,

You common people of the skies,

What are you when the sun shall rise?

You curious chanters of the wood,

That warble forth dame Nature’s lays,

Thinking your passions understood

By your weak accents—what’s your praise
When Philomel her voice shall raise ?

You violets that first appear,

By your pure purple mantles known,

Like the proud virgins of the year,

As if the spring were all your own,

What are you when the rose is blown ?

So when my mistress shall be seen
In sweetness of her looks and mind,

By virtue first, then choice, a queen,

Tell me if she were not designed
Th’ eclipse and glory of her kind ?

In such lines we can perceive not one of those higher at-
tributes of Poesy which belong to her under all circumstan-

314

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ces and throughout all time. Here every thing is art—naked
or but awkwardly concealed. No prepossession for the mere
antique (and in this case we can imagine no other preposses-
sion) should induce us to dignify with the sacred name of
Poetry, a series, such as this, of elaborate and threadbare
compliments, stitched, apparently, together, without fancy,
without plausibility, and without even an attempt at adap-
tation.

In common with all the world, we have been much de-
lighted with “ The Shepherd’s Hunting,” by Wither—a
poem partaking, in a remarkable degree, of the peculiarities
of II Penseroso. Speaking of Poesy, the author says:

By the murmur of a spring
Or the least boughs rusteling,

By a daisy whose leaves spread
Shut when Titan goes to bed,

Or a shady bush or tree
She could more infuse in me
Than all Nature’s beauties can
In some other wiser man.

By her help I also now
Make this churlish place allow
Something that may sweeten gladness
In the very gall of sadness—

The dull loneness, the black shade
That these hanging vaults have made,

The strange music of the waves
Beating on these hollow caves,

This black den which rocks emboss
Overgrown with eldest moss,

The rude portals that give light
More to terror than delight,

This my chamber of neglect
Walled about with disrespect
From all these and this dull air
A fit object for despair,

She hath taught me by her might
To draw comfort and delight.

But these lines, however good, do not bear with them
much of the general character of the English antique. Some-
thing more of this will be found in Corbet’s “ Farewell Re-
wards and Fairies!” We copy a portion of Marvell’s “ Mai-
den lamenting for her Fawn'’—which we prefer not only as
a specimen of the elder poets, but in itself as a beautiful poem
abounding in pathos, exquisitely delicate imagination and
truthfulness, to any thing of its species:

It is a wondrous thing how fleet
’Twas on those little silver feet,

With what a pretty skipping grace
It oft would challenge me the race,

And when’t had left me far away,

’Twould stay, and run again, and stay;

For it was nimbler much than hinds,

And trod as if on the four winds.

I have a garden of my own,

But so with roses overgrown,

And lilies that you would it guess
To be a little wilderness ;

And all the spring-time of the year
It only loved to be there.

Among the beds of lilies I

Have sought it oft where it should lie,

Yet could not till itself would rise
Find it, although before mine eyes.

For in the flaxen lilies shade,

It like a bank of lilies laid;

Upon the roses it would feed
Until its lips even seemed to bleed,

And then to me ’twould boldly trip,

And print those roses on my lip,

But all its chief delight was still
With roses thus itself to fill,

And its pure virgin limbs to fold
In whitest sheets of lilies cold.

Had it lived long it would have been
Lilies without, roses within.

How truthful an air of lamentation hangs here upon every
syllable! It pervades all. It comes over the sweet melody
of the words—over the gentleness and grace which we fancy
in the little maiden herself—even over the half-playful, half-
petulant air with which she lingers on the beauties and good
qualities of her favorite—like the cool shadow of a summer
cloud over a bed of lilies and violets, “ and all sweet dow-
ers.” The whole is redolent with poetry of a very lofty or-
der. Every line is an idea—conveying either the beauty and
playfulness of the fawn, or the artlessness of the maiden, or
her love, or her admiration, or her grief, or the fragrance and

warmth and appropriateness of the little nest-like bed of
lilies and roses which the fawn devoured as it lay upon
them, and could scarcely be distinguished from them by the
once happy little damsel who went to seek her pet with an
arch and rosy smile on her face. Consider the great variety
of truthful and delicate thought in the few lines we have
quoted—the wonder of the maiden at the fleetness of her fa-
vorite—the “little silver feet”—the fawn challenging his
mistress to a race with “a pretty skipping grace,” running on
before, and then, with head turned back, awaiting her ap-
proach only to fly from it again—can we not distinctly per-
ceive all these things? How exceedingly vigorous, too, is
the line,

And trod as if on the four winds!

—a vigor fully apparent only when we keep in mind the art-
less character of the speaker and the four feet of the favorite
—one for each wind. Then consider the garden of “ my
own,” so overgrown—entangled—with roses and lilies, as to
be “ a little wilderness”—the fawn, loving to be there, and
there “ only”—the maiden seeking it “ where it should lie”—
and not being able to distinguish it from the flowers until
“ itself would rise”—the lying among the lilies “like a bank
of lilies”—the loving to “till itself with roses,"

And its pure virgin limbs to fold

In whitest sheets of lilies cold,

and these things being its “chief” delights—and then the
pre-eminent beauty and naturalness of the concluding lines—
whose very hyperbole only renders them more true to nature
when we consider the innocence, the artlessness, the enthu-
siasm, the passionate grief, and more passionate admiration
of the bereaved child—

Had it lived long, it would hvae been

Lilies without—roses within.

The Complete History of Ireland, from the earliest times, being compiled
from a connected continuation, by approved standard writers. By Mr.
O’Halloran, author of “ the Introduction to the History and Antiquities of
Ireland.” Embellished with magnificent steel engravings, from designs
taken expressly by Wm. II. Bartlett, Esq. Nos. 1, 2, R. Martin & Co., 22
John st., New York. Price, 12 1-2 cents each.

The typographical beauty of this publication speaks loudly in its fa-
vor, apart from its internal merit, which is indisputable.

Martin’s Illustrated Family Bible. No. 4.

This really magnificent work increases, with each issue, in the val-
ue of its illustrations. The present number contains a view of the
Hill of Samaria from an original drawing by W. H. Bartlett, engraved
by J. C. Bentley. It is an admirable engraving, worthy to accompany
the beautifully printed text.

Essays on the Principles of Morality, and on the private and po-
litical rights and obligations of Mankind. By Jonathan Dymoud.
Collins, Brother & Co., 254 Pearl st.

This is an important book, and we are happy to perceive
from the title page that the present issue is the fourth thou-
sand published. If it contained but the one chapter on the
Morality of Legal Practice, it would be enough to entitle it
to a wide circulation.

The Principles of the Chronothermal System of Medicine.
With fallacies of the faculty. In a series of lectures, originally de-
livered in 1840, at the Egyptian Hall, London. Now enlarged and
improved by Samuel Dickson, M. D. First American from the 3d
London edition, with an introduction and notes. By Wm. Turner,
M. D. New York. S. Redfield, Clinton Hall. 1845.

The merits of this work cannot be discussed in a paragraph,
we therefore barely announce its publication, but we shall
notice it at length hereafter. It is a closely printed volume
of more than two hundred pages, and its popularity in Lon-
don under its second title of Fallacies of the Faculty, is some
evidence of its value.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

315

THE NATIONAL BARBER.

Since Mr. Bancroft has taken possession of his department
in the government of our twenty millions of free people, he
has issued a command to that portion who are subject to his
rule, ordering them to shave all the lower part of their faces.
No hair is allowed to grow in the Navy below the corner of
a man’s mouth. Mr. Bancroft being a liberal Christian, a
man of the world, and a descendant of the pilgrim stock, is
the last man in the Union from whom we should expect such
an evidence of barberism as this. Of all other men in the
world sailors need their beards most to protect their throats
from the cold and wet to which they are exposed, and
of all other men in the world they have the fewest conveni-
ences for shaving. The necessity of the beard has never
been disputed by an intelligent being, and that depriving the
face and throat of their natural covering causes a great ma-
ny of the neuralgic and thoracic diseases which enfeeble
and destroy life among men, is acknowledged by all physi-
cians. But if there were no other reason for preserving the
beard than the fact of its beautifying the face, and giving an
aspect of gravity and dignity to the wearer, that alone should
be sufficient to save it from the razor. Sailors and Soldiers
need all the natural advantages that give them an air of
manliness, and, instead of dressing them up like monkies,
with bits of red and yellow cloth, and feathers and tinsel,
if they were dressed in plain clothes, and allowed to wear their
beards naturally, their dignity of aspect would go farther to
beget courage and respect among themselves, and fear in
their enemies, than all the artificial appliances that military
folly has ever conceived. It is the fashion with some of our
volunteer corps when they march through the streets in their
fancy dresse , looking like a troupe of chorus singers before
the foot lights in a melo-drama, to be preceded by two or
three pioneers, who to give themselves an air of gravity and
determination, tie false beards upon their chins, making the
smooth-faced men who follow them look like a corps of Miss
Fuller’s women soldiers. We saw in a South American
port, once, the crew of an English frigate who all wore their
beards, from the captain downwards, and we were amazed
to see such a collection of magnificent looking men. They
were probably no finer looking than any other crew of Eng-
lishmen, but their beards give them a most noble and dig-
nified appearance. We do not wonder that the Captains of
our National Ships should take upon themselves the author-
ity to compel the men under their charge to trim their whis-
kers in conformity with a particular pattern, because little
tyrants are greedy of every petty occasion to show their pow-
er. But that the Secretary of the Navy, in this enlightened
age, when even dandies and counter jumpers are beginning to
assert their manliness by allowing their beards to grow,
should be guilty of this hirsute tyranny, is indeed monstrous.
The advantages of wearing the beard naturally are too evi-
dent to need enumerating, while no good of any sort or de-
gree can result from shaving. The practice originated in
the basest motives among a people of effeminate and degra-
ded habits, and it has been continued down to the present
day by the spirit of conservatism that causes two thirds of the
miseries which men endure.

The ancient German nations shaved the beard except that on the
upper lip. The ancient Goths, Franks, Gauls, and Britons, also wore
long beards, but at the introduction of Christianity, the laity began
by degrees to imitate the clergy, who were shaven. The Danes ap-
pear to have worn their beards. The Normans shaved their beards
entirely, and looked upon the appendage with so much distaste as an
indication of misery and distress, that they were the great apostles of
shaving wherever they came. Accordingly they endeavoured to per-
suade or compel the English to shave the hair of their upper fips.
The great majority yielded to the necessity of the case, but there

were many who chose to leave the country rather than resign their
whiskers. However, beards again had their day. In the 14th cen-
tury, they became again fashionable, and continued until the begin-
ning of the 17th. At the latter date their dimensions had become
more contracted, and they were soon after relinquished, the mustache
only being retained ; and at the commencement of the last century the
practice of shaving the whole face had become universal. In the lat-
ter changes the example of France was followed. In that country,
Charles IV., was the last sovereign who wore a beard, and he had a
tolerably fine one. He was succeeded by a beardless minor, in com-
pliment to whom the courtiers shaved all their beards except the
mustaches, ultimately the mustaches also disappeared. The Span-
iards, more tardily influenced by French example, kept their beards
till the French and English were beginning to relinquish even mus-
taches. Perhaps they would have kept the cherished appendage to
this day, but a French prince (Philip V.) mounted the throne with a
shaven chin. The courtiers, with heavy hearts, imitated the prince ;
and the people, with still heavier hearts, imitated the courtiers. The
popular feeling on the subject, however, remains recorded in the pro-
verb, “Since we have lost our beards, we have lost our souls.”

Sometimes the clergy of the Western Church were enjoined to wear
beards, under an impression that shaving was an effeminate practice,
and that a beard well became the gravity of the ecclesiastical charac-
ter ; and at other times shaving was enforced from an idea that pride
was too apt to lurk beneath a venerable beard. It is related that
Guillaume Duprat, Bishop of Clermont, who assisted at the council of
Trent, and built the College of the Jesuits at Paris, had the finest
beard that was ever seen. It was too fine a beard for a bishop: and
the canons of his Cathedral, in full chapter assembled, came to the bar-
barous resolution of shaving him. Accordingly, when he next came
to the choir, the dean, the provost and the chantre approached with
scissors and razors, soap, basin and warm water.—He took to his heels
at the sight, and escaped to his castle of Beauregard, about two miles
from Clermont, where he fell sick from vexation and died.

A precious good fellow was Guillaume Duprat, and we
wish that the ecclesiastic who at present rules our Navy
was of a similar kidney. But if all the officers of the Ser-
vice were of our mind they would wear their beards and
wag them too in spite of all the orders the Secretary could
issue. We would like to see an officer court martialed for
disobedience of such an order, to test the right of a citizen to
his own hair. If Mr. Bancroft may compel the officers in
the service to shave their faces he may compel them to emas-
culate themselves in some other manner; he may next take
it into his wise head to command them to crop their ears or
knock out their molars.

“ Walker on Beauty,” in speaking of shaving the beard, says,
it “has especially been the case in degenerate and effeminate times :
and this has sometimes been accompanied by remarkable conse-
quences.

“ One of the greatest misfortunes, says a French writer, which
France ever had to lament, the divorce of Louis le Jeune from Elinor
of Guyenne, resulted from the fashion, which this prince wished to in-
troduce, of shaving his chin and cropping his head. The queen, his
wife, who appears to have possessed, with a masculine beauty, consid-
erable acuteness of intellect, observed, with some displeasure, that she
imagined herself to have espoused a monarch, not a monk. The ob-
stinacy of Louis in shaving himself, and the horror conceived by Eli-
nor at the sight of a beardless chin, occasioned France the loss of
those fine provinces which constituted the dowry of this princess; and
which, devolving to England by a second marriage, became the source
of wars which desolated France during four hundred years.

“ The habit of wearing the beard is a manly and noble one. Nature
made it distinctive of the male and female ; and its abandonment has
commonly been accompanied not only by periods of general effemina-
cy, but even by the decline and fall of States. They were bearded
Goths who vanquished the then beardless Romans ; and they are beard-
ed Tartars who now promise once more to inundate the regions occu-
pied by the pope. Those, assuredly, blunder, who ridicule the wear-
ing of the beard. Silly affectation, or the contrary, is imputable only
to those who, by removing the beard, take the trouble so far to emas-
culate themselves ! and who think themselves beautiful by an un-
natural imitation of the smoother face of women ?”

Perhaps Mr. Bancroft’s next order will be that every man
in the service shall provide himself with a dozen boxes of
Mons. Gouraud’s Poudre Subtile before going to sea, and we
expect to see the Navy agents advertising for hair tweezers
for our ships of war, and small pocket mirrors for the sailors
to enable them to trim their eye-brows in conformity with
orders from Washington.

There seems to be a strong opposition to any thing in the
shape of manliness whether of feeling, or look, in the digni-
taries of our Naval Service. Among the rest of the rigmarole
published by Captain Wilkes in his narrative of the Explo-
ring Expedition, we find these man-milliner remarks in one
of his manifestos.

316

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

“ The undersigned, in calling the attention of the officers of the
squadron under his command to their personal appearance, would ob-
serve, that in his opinion, the example of some of them in this respect
is not such as should indicate to the crews of the different vessels,
composing the squadron, the necessity which exists of the greatest at-
tention being paid to their personal appearance and cleanliness, in
conformity to the internal rules and regulations of the squadron.

“ He has not been aware until recently of the extent to which the
wearing of mustachios has been carried ! they, in most cases, give a
notoriety and appearance of want of attention to neatness, &c.”

Note.—Since writing the above we have discovered that
Mr. Bancroft’s order was not officially announced, but as we
are informed that it will be soon our remarks will apply
when the order appears.

TITIAN'S VENUS.

There is a picture exhibiting in Broadway which the proprie-
tors say is a duplicate, made by Titian’s own hand of the celebrated
picture now in Florence. It is stated to have been in the possession
of Sir Thomas Lawrence, and to have been admired by “ the lament-
ed Alston.” But no story is told of the manner in which so re-
markable a work came to this country. All this looks very suspi-
cious. A genuine painting by Titian, of any description, is not a
thing easily obtained, and one of this size and in such preservation
would be worth a handsome fortune. If it were in Italy no Italian
government would allow it to be taken away, and if it were in Eng-
land or France, any European government would buy it at a price
which few individuals could afford to pay. Considering, therefore,
the importance which a picture by one of the old masters derives
from its authenticity being established, we wonder that the owner
of this painting should not have published a full and particular ac-
count of the manner in which it came into his hands, the price paid
for it, &.C. We have seen it stated in some of the daily papers that
it once formed a part of the collection in the Louvre, but had been
removed at the restoration of the Bourbons. This is a mistake.
The Louvre possessed 23 paintings by Titian, but there was no
Venus among them. If such a painting as this professes to be, had
been in existence, it would have been known to the whole world ;
but no history of art that we are acquainted with makes any allusion
to it.

But whether it be the work of Titian or not, is a point of little
importance to nine spectators out of ten ; it is a very fine picture,
and worthy of Titian whether ho painted it or not, and we would
advise all those who wish to see a really fine painting to call and
inspect it, and take it for granted that it is the work of an old mas-
ter. It is a difficult matter to decide from internal evidence on the
authenticity of any painting. The most expert picture dealers are
often dreadfully deceived. Even some of Raffaelle’s most famous
paintings are questioned. Very competent judges have recently
decided that the most universally admired of Raffaelle’s pictures,
the “ Madonna della Seggiolo,” of which there are probably thou-
sands of copies in this country, is not a century and a half old.

The only test therefore by which we should try a work of art is
the delight it gives us; and we believe that there are very few per-
sons who could honestly say that Titian’s real paintings gave them
more real pleasure than this of Venus. We think that the proprietor
has injured the character of the work by setting apart a day for the

admission of women only. No picture should he looked upon by a
woman alonw which she would hesitate to look at in the company
of her father or brother. For ourselves we think that very old and
very young men would do well not to give the Venus exhibiting in
Broadway a call.

THE MAGAZINES.

The Southern Literary Messenger for May, has, among
other good papers, a caustic review of Captain Wilkes’ Nar-
rative of the U. S. Exploring Expedition. The overbearing
conceit, the ignorance and the tyranny of the Commander, are
here displayed as they should be—and we recommend the
whole article to his serious attention. More ludicrous in-
stances of incompetency were never afforded by any Ameri-
can naval officer than by him. Neither his discretion nor

his education would have entitled him to the command of a
fishing smack. His grammatical blunders, in especial, are of
a kind that must bring a flush of shame into the face of every
American who reads the book. What but the grossest ob-
tusity combined with the most ineffable conceit and self-suf-
ficiency, could have induced Captain Wilkes to trust his com-
position to the public eye without the supervision of his
clerk—or of some respectable school-boy ? We give a brace
of his sentences:

“ Harmony and good feeling he would enjoin upon all: the necessi-
ty of cultivating this, and the united exertions of ail, cannot claim too
much of your attention.”

“ You may rest assured also of receiving impartial justice from me,
and that in the assignment of duties and promotions, if any should oc-
cur ! and that all will have the opportunities they desire of entering
upon the scientific duties, nothing shall be wanting that can tend to
this end.”

This number has also a paper of much historical interest
—a ‘‘Sketch of the Military services of Guilford Dudley in
the Carolinas during the Revolution.” A criticism on the Po-
ems of Christopher Pease Cranch is not particularly to our
taste. It is better, however, than the commentary on Miss
Barrett which appeared in a late number of the Messenger,
and which, as far as we can learn, excited no less decided a
feeling than universal contempt wherever it was perused by
those who are themselves poetical. This is a topic on which
we could not forbear speaking out if we would. It is in our
opinion, something even worse than sacrilege—this entrust-
ing to such hands the august works of Tennyson and Miss
Barrett. For our own part, we cannot find words to express
the unutterable loathing which crept over us as we read
those flippant comments on poems which, if we are entitled
to estimate the merit of anything by its effect on the greatest
intellects and on the noblest hearts—are divine, if there be
any divinity within the soul of man.

There is no poetry in the May number of the Messenger.

Godey’s Lady’s Book for June is, also, already issued,
and presents numerous claims to attention. Its engravings
are, “ Admonition,” by Gimbrede, from a painting by W.
Wright; “ Domestic life among the Indians,” by Rolph and
Jewett, from a design by Darley; and two fashion plates on
the same leaf, back to back. Miss Leslie concludes her very
excellent story “ The Bloxheim’s and Mayfields.” Herbert
has an eloquent sketch, entitled " The Great Plebeian”—
Grund some forcible “ Remarks upon [on] the Drama”—
William Kirkland a sensible paper (with some exception) on
“ British and American Monthlies,” and “ French without a
Master,” is a good hit by the late J. M. Field. The Rev. H.
F. Harrington contributes a very interesting and well written
sketch—“ The Lone Woman.” In the “ Editors’ Table” is
a page of comment on the death of Mrs. Willis—a page
which we read with an interest the most painful—the most
profound.

Graham s Magazine for June is in all respects an admi-
rable number. Its engravings are all good, and the view of
Rock Mountain, engraved by Rawdon & Co. from a drawing
by Smillie, is, in especial, excellent. The other two plates
are “ The Masquerade,” engraved by Posselwhite, and a
Portrait of Dr. Rufus W. Griswold, engraved by Parker, from
a painting by J. B. Read: as a likeness, the latter is by no
means praiseworthv. Mr. Griswold has a much finer face in
every respect. The biography attached is written, we fancy,
by Mr. C. F. Hoffman, and does Mr. G. no more than justice,
either in regard to his acquirements or character as a man.
We learn from this sketch that he ‘‘has now in press, a Sur-
vey of our Prose Literature, to be published in the ensuing
autumn,”and that he “ has been a considerable time engaged

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

317

on the Biographia Americana, a work of great extent and
research.”

The number is particularly rich in contributions. There
are papers from Cooper, Paulding, Longfellow, Hoffman,
Street, Tuckerman, Chandler, Hosmer, Mrs. Osgood, Mrs.
Stephens, Mrs. Seba Smith, Fanny Forrester, Mrs. Caroline
Butler, and several others. A Sonnet to Dante by Longfel-
low, has a magnificent beginning:

Tuscan, that wanderest through the realms of gloom
With thoughtful pace and sad majestic eyes,

Stern thoughts and awful from thy soul arise
Like Farinata from his fiery tomb!

The “ Like,” however, should be “ As.” We copy in full
a characteristic poem from the pen of the most truly grace-
ful, delicate, and yet impassioned of American poetesses—
Mrs. Osgood.

LULU.

There’s many a maiden	Oh! there’s many a maiden,

More brilliant, by far,	More brilliant’t is true,

With the step of a fawn,	But none so enchanting,

And the glance of a star;	As little Lulu!

But heart there was never

More tender and true,	She flits like a fairy,

Than beats in the bosom	About me all day,

Of darling Lulu !	Now nestling beside me,

Now up and away !

Her eyes are too modest	She singeth unbidden,

To dazzle ; but oh !	With warble as wild

They win you to love her,	As the lay of the meadow lark,

If you will or no !	Innocent child !

And when they glance up,	She’s playful, and tender,

With their shy, startled look,	Aud trusting, and true,

Her soul trembles in them,	She’s sweet as a lily,

Like light in the brook.	My dainty Lulu !

There are bright eyes by thousands,

Black, hazel and blue;	She whispers sweet fancies,

But whose are so loving	Now mournful, now bright,

As those of Lulu ?	Then deepen her glances,

With love and delight,

And waves of soft hair,	And the slow, timid smile,

That a poet would vow	That dawns in her face,

Was moonlight on marble,	Seems filled with her spirit's

Droop over her brow.	Ineffable grace.

The rose rarely blooms,	Oh ! the world cannot offer

Thro’ that light, silken maze,	A treasure so true,

But when it does play there,	As the childlike devotion

How softly it plays!	Of happy Lulu !

MUSICAL ITEMS.

ONSLAUGHT UPON THE CRITICS, BY ONE OF THE MIRROR

SCHOOL.

We have been highly amused by a ridiculously severe
article in one of the large sized weeklies, upon the musical
critics of New-York. The subject is really a capital sub-
ject, and handled by a competent person, much that is curious
and surprising might be evolved by its consideration. But the
person who wrote the article in question, brings no other qual-
ification to the task, than a Mirror certificate, which is utter
ignorance of the subject on which he treats. He might to
be sure lay some claim to a knowledge of music, after the
fashion of the gentleman who on being asked if he had ever
been to Germany, replied “ no,” but added, that he ought to
know something about it, as his uncle played a leetle on the
German flute! so, by a parity of reasoning, our friend the
critic, ought to know something of music, as he is the worser
half of one singer, the brother-in-law to another.

He treats us very tenderly—he says we are very capable
of writing a good and correct criticism, but he complains that
we seldom choose to write a just or a fair one. What a terri-
bly bad fellow we must be. He says our pen is always dip-
ped in gall!—which accounts, probably, for the freedom of
our style. This is the unkindest thing he says, and, feeling
the reproof deeply, we have, through the agency of our polite
and enterprising independent Postmaster General Hale, pro-
cured a precious pot of the delicious honey from Hybla, in
which we have dipped our crow quill, for the especial bene-
fit of our friend, who will, we trust, enjoy the luscious flavor
of our vehicle.

The critic of critics, praises, by implication, the original
New World, the musical department of which was edited by
us for four years—is he not a discriminating critic? The critic
of critics admires the “ good taste and judgment perceptible in
the criticisms of the Albion,” all of which, for the last eight-
een months, were written by us ! O wise critic: a second Da-
niel, or some other Jewish critic, come to judgment. This
critic of critics doubtless admires his own paper, in which, by
the bye, as far as his department is concerned, he stands in
a position of enviable singularity, but we must inform him
that the first musical impulse was given to it by ourselves;
and if he has quietly appropriated the credit due to us
for what we did for him, we are content,—we can well
spare it.

We warn our musical friends to be specially polite to this
gentleman, for his power does not end with the large week-
ly. O no! he is,—we fear to pronounce what he is even to
ourself—but in the strictest coufidence and in the softest whis-
per we tell you that he is one of the council of the incapa-
bles—we should have said, one of the inscrutable Council of Ten,
who govern the destinies of the Town. This is a fearful power in
the hands of so terrible a critic, for here he can lash his friend and foe
alike ; can hold them up to ridicule ; expose their private concerns to
a public, greedy for scandal, and do many equally honorable things
under the cover of obscurity. Such men always attack those they
hate or envy, behind a screen, and generally choose some defenceless
person, some way or other connected with the object of their enmity,
as their grand point of assault, for the reason that they can thus in-
jure two at once.

We do not envy the critic of the large weekly his double occupa-
tion : in the one he only renders himself ridiculous, while in the other
he becomes infamous. We advise him to employ himself more hon-
orably, as we suppose he can, if there be any truth in the title pages
of books, in which his name appears as translator; but it is a danger-
ous practice to affix one’s name to any strange manuscript that may
fall into one’s possession by accident, for the real Simon Pure may
turn up one of these days.

We have not done with this gentleman yet. We will amuse our
readers with some specimens of his style, which is an amalgamation
of ignorance, presumption and slang.

NEW YORK SACRED MUSIC SOCIETY.

We attended the performance of the Oratorio of the Creation, at
the Tabernacle on Friday evening last, and were, comparatively speak-
ing only, much gratified : for the last concert given by the society,
(the Messiah) was any thing but creditable to the management, whether
as respects the principal singers, the chorus, or the band. On this oc-
casion we had at any rate two artists, Mrs. E. Loder and Mr. Henry
Phillips, capable of giving the music of Haydn as it ought to be giv-
en. and in a way, in fact, not to be approached by any other two sing-
ers on this continent. It would be impossible to speak too highly of
With Verdure Clad, as sung by Mrs. Loder, or of the various recita-
tives and airs allotted to Mr. Phillips. And here we would stop : but
we are compelled to notice other parts of the performance which were
obnoxious to criticism. To begin with the Orchestra: There is in-
variably a want of steadiness and unanimity among the instruments
which is not even compensated by a strict attention to time. We can
only account for the latter defect by supposing that there are some
young hands in the Orchestra who have left the schoolroom too soon.
The management should not allow this. Half a dozen inefficient per-
formers will always destroy the effect of a Band, let the remainder be
ever so perfect. With regard, however, to the frequent deviation
from strict time, so observable among the gentlemen composing this
orchestra, what shall we say ? Is it owing to its great width, which
prevents those on the north side from hearing what is doing on the
south side ? Is it the fault of the performers in not condescending to
watch the baton of the conductor ? or, is the sole blame attachable to
the conductor? We can hardly presume the latter to be the case,
considering the number of years Mr. U. C. Hill has held this respon-
sible office; but be the fault where it may, it should be forthwith re-
medied.

With regard to the Chorus which is very numerous, and [conse-
quently less governable, we have always considered that department
of the Society the most efficient; and any praise due to Mr. Hill on
this score we freely give him.

The choruses on Friday evening were, some of them, very well per-
formed, particularly The Heavens are Telling. The Lord is Great,
which comes in after the trio Most Beautiful Appears, was not so well
executed.

The other vocalists of the evening were Miss Northall, Mr. Oak-
ley, and Mr. Andrews. Of Miss N. we have before spoken. She has a
good clear voice, of sufficient compass for the general run of soprano

318

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

songs; and, in the course of time, she will, doubtless, take a very re-
spectable rank in her profession. She is quite young, and, with all due
deference to her advisers, we think she has been put forward too
soon to sing such music as that in the Messiah and the Creation. Thus
her execution of the recitative And God said let the waters and air ; On
mighty Pens, was evidently beyond her powers ; but the young lady is
improving.

Of Mr. Oakley, who comes from Boston, we are disposed to speak
favorably in consideration of his being a visitor: but we cannot like
him—we mean his singing. He has a voice loud enough to be heard
any where, with compass enough to sing up to any thing ; he evident-
ly sings as well as he can,and gives the music tolerably correct. We
cannot explain our antipathy more intelligibly than by saying we are
always delighted with good, chaste, classical singing, and that, there-
fore, (we presume) we do not like Mr. Oakley. Of Mr. Andrews, we
have much pleasure in speaking in terms of praise. His voice is a
bass of moderate compass, but exceedingly good quality, so good in
fact, that it reminded us of Henry Phillips’s more than once. His
style is good. The two duetts with Mrs. Loder, By thee with bliss, and
graceful consort, were very well sung ; and though we cannot under-
take to say how Mr. A. would have got through music of a more pro-
minent nature, we must do him the justice to say, that on this occa-
sion he acquitted himself well, very well. We hope to hear him often
in the concert room.	**

We will now make a few remarks upon the government of this so-
ciety. It has been for several years weak in action, obstinate in
folly, and blind to its true interests. It has been governed now by
one clique, and anon by another, upon principles generally of self-in-
terest, until the policy has become contracted, bigoted. With every
facility afforded it by its liberal charter, in what position do we at
present find this society? Is it prosperous, popular, or efficient?
We answer, no ! What little success it has met with is of so recent
a date, that no certain augury for the future can be drawn from it. It
may prove but the rallying of the energies previous to the flitting
away of the life for ever. But a few months since and the Sacred
Music Society, incorporated according to an act of the Legislature,
had fallen from its supposed palmy slate to a body of some forty or
fifty members ; so miserable were the prospects, so poor the attend-
ance at meetings, and so dispirited were the members, that we are
told that it was actually proposed to disband the society. However,
some active and determined individuals took the society in hand, and
in a short time, by some extraordinary legerdemain, swelled its num-
ber of members to an extraordinary amount. Especial care they also
took to ensure the prosperity of the society, by making the members
support it; in other words, they assess each member according to
the probable expense of the Concerts, from one to two dollars each,
for which they have a certain number of tickets which they can
either sell or give away.

Of its popularity the best proof is, that when the members gave an
irregular Concert for some national purpose, in which they defended
entirely upon the public, the expenses for getting up the Concert
were not covered by the receipts. We were told that on this occa-
sion, one of the most spirited and liberal among the officers made up
the difference.

Of its efficiency we have given descriptions any time these five
years. Two years ago it was far superior in choral excellence to
what it is at present. Then most of the members had practised for
years, and were supposed to be somewhat conversant with the music
they had to perform ; now the members are mostly novices, and how-
ever willing the public may be to believe them capable, one perform-
ance is quite sufficient to destroy all confidence in their ability to do
justice to aught save a simple psalm tune.

We repeat that the material is good, but it is profitless, being
thrown away—wasted.

When the government or head of a society cannot be depended
upon, how can a society flourish ? Facts speak for themselves. A
certain party is engaged to sing—terms are agreed upon, and music
given for study. Information arrives that an individual threatens, if
the engagement is persisted in, that he will withdraw himself,
daughters, music, &c. from the society! The society is compelled
to yield to the individual, and the engagement is begged off. Another
engagement is made, and again broken, because some other member
of the government had engaged somebody else. Can any society, so
governed, hope for success ? Are such governments worthy of con-
fidence ?

Unless an entire and beneficial revolution takes place in the ma-
nagement of the N. Y. S. M. S. the off-shoots from its body will
spring up, and over-shadowing it, draw the life blood from the
parent stem.

We shall, in a future number, detail to the public how little this
over-praised institution has of late years effected in the cause of
music.

Castle Garden.—This really elegant and extensive place of
amusement, opened for the season on Monday last. Signoras Valtel-
lina & Pico, Signori Antognini and Sanquirico, with a large chorus and
effective band, were the attraction of the evening. A very large au-
dience was present, and it delighted us to find Signora Valtellina so
warmly recceived. This lady has never been duly appreciated by the
public, but we trust that she will now meet with the success she de-
serves.

Miss Garcia, from Boston, with other artists, appear on the off
nights—Tuesday, Thursday, and Saturday.

We shall give this establishment an extended notice next week. We
trust that it will succeed.

DRAMATIC OVATION.

By an extract from a private letter to the editor of the Albion, is
appears that Mrs. Mowatt has had a most warm reception in Phila-
delphia, on the score of the great popularity of Fashion, not the great
racer so called, but the five act comedy of which she, Mrs. M. is the
author. The play bills, printed on satin, in letters of gold, we easily
picture to our mind’s eye, but the “ most regal style,” as applied to
the new American house, is quite beyond our understanding. We
quote from the Albion’s letter :

“ Fashion drew to the Theatre crowds of people of a class that had not
been there in years, and the management, to show their appreciation of the
comedy, invited Mrs. Mowatt to visit Philadelpha as their guest, and re-
ceived her in most regal style, in splendid apartments at the new American
House, providing a carriage for her special use during the whole visit. On
the night of her benefit, play bills printed on satin in letters of gold were
presented to Mrs. Mowatt, and the performers seemed to outrival all pre-
vious efforts.

“ At the conclusion, in consequence of the repeated plaudits of the audi-
ence and calls for the authoress, Mrs. Mowatt rose from her seat and bowed
to them several times. The loud calls still continuing, Mr. Blake, the popu-
lar manager, and who had made so decided a hit in his delineation of the
old farmer from Cattaraugus, stepped forward, and in a handsome speech,
thanked them in the name of the authoress for their favourable reception
which he hailed as the assurance that the time was near at hand, when the
American people would possess an American Dramatic Literature of their
own. That, encouraged by their kind reception, Mrs. Mowatt would en-
deavour to render the next Comedy upon which she was now engaged more
worthy of their approbation, and the curtain then fell, amid the most tu-
multuous uproar. This was on the 13th night of the performance of
Fashion.”

LITERARY INTELLIGENCE.

works In press.

BY LEA & BLANCHARD.

A System of Surgery. By J. M. Chelins, of Heidelburg. Trans-
lated, with additions, by Dr. South, of London, and Ur. Morris,
of Philadelphia.

Memoranda of a Residence at the Court of St. James, from 1819 to
1823. By Richard Rush. This is supplementary to the former
volume under the same title.

History of the War of 1812. By Charles Jared Ingersoll, Esq. of
Philadelphia.

Graham’s Colonial History. With Notes by Quincy, Sparks, and
Prescott.

BY HARPER AND BROTHERS.

Smuggler. By James.

The Martyr of Carthage. By Wilson.

Lands, Classical and Sacred. By Lord Nugent.

The Hellenes. By J. A. St. John.

Chronicles of Fashion. By Mrs. Stone.

Life of Lord Hill. Bv Rev. Edw. Sidney.

Curiosities of Physical Geography.

Parsons on Education.

Loudon’s Lady’s Country Companion.

Self, a Novel. By the author of Cecil.

Anne Hathaway, or Shakspeare in Love.

The Power of the Soul over the Body.

Mrs. Norton’s Child of the Islands.

A new Novel. By Frederika Bremer.

The Bokhara Victims. By Captain Grover.

Lives of Men of Letters and Science. By Lord Brougham.
Peninsular Sketches. By W.H. Maxwell.

Miss Acton’s Modern Cookery.

Mr. Henry B. Hirst, the author of the fine poem " May,” published
in this number of the " Journal,” has in the Boston press, and
will shortly issue, “ The Coming of the Mammoth, the Funeral
of Time, and other Poems.”

RECENT AMERICAN PUBLICATIONS.

The Club Room and other Temperance Tales. By T. S. Arthur.
Price 25 cents.

Recollections of the United States Army. By an American Sol-
dier. Price 31 1-4 cents.

Will Terrill, or, the Adventures of a Young Gentleman born in a
Cellar. By Prof. Ingraham. Price 12 cents.

An Order of Family Prayer for Every Day in the Week, and for the
Commemoration of the Holy Days and Seasons of the Church.
By Rev. J. M. Wainwright, D. D. 12mo. 75 cents.

A Synopsis of the Symptoms, Diagnosis and Treatment of the
more common and important Diseases of the Skin. By N. Wor-
cester. M. D. With 60 Plates.

A Charitable Judgment of the Opinion and Conduct of Others re-
commended, being the last sermon preached by the Rev. Janies
Milnor, D. D., late Rector of St. George’s Church, N. Y. Twelve
and a half cents.

Education in Romish Seminaries : a Letter respecting the Selection
of places of Education among the Seminaries under the control
of the Church of Rome. By a Presbyter of the P. E. Church.

Indications of |the Creator. By William Whewell, D. D. Phila.
Carey & Hart, 1845. Price 25 cents.

Elocution made Easy ; Containing Rules and Selections for Decla-
mation and Reading, with Figures illustrative of Gesture. By R-
Claggett, M. A. New York. Paine & Burgess, 62 John strret.

The Appletons have just published No. 5 of the history of Germany
by Kohlrausch, which reaches to the middle of the 18th century. The
next number will complete the work.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

319

REJOICINGS! HOLIDAYS!! BIRTHDAYS!!!

CAREY’S MONTGOLFIERS or Fire Balloons and

Air Balloons may be obtained from stationers and fancy stores in New
York, on and after the 20th of May, price $2 00 and upward— a list of which
will bo published on that date. Directions upon each box.

J. B. CAREY & CO. 323 Broadway.

With Pyrotechnists arrangements can be made.	my17

WM. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANOFORTE,

ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank street, where his terms for

giving instruction can be ascertained.__________my 17

TITIAN’S VENUS.

THIS TRULY BEAUTIFUL PRODUCTION, A

repetition of the great picture in the Florentine Gallery is now on exhi-
bition at 449 Broadway, an undoubted work of this never-to-be-excelled
master in the art of coloring.

Open during day and evening. Admittance 25 cts. Season tickets, 50
cents.

BOARD IN BROOKLYN.—A Single Gentleman,

who is partial to Chess and Music, can be provided with a furnished
room, and breakfast and tea, in a private family, residing near Fulton street,
Brooklyn, in one of its most pleasant streets.

Address W. S. Office of Broadway Journal: or enquire at said office.

GRAND SACRED CONCERT.

At St. Peter’s Church, Barclay St.

FOR THE BEREFT OF THE CHURCH.

oN SUNDAY EVENING, MAY 18th, 1845. On

which occasion the performances will consist of selections from Mendels-
sohn's Oratorio of St. Paul, Haydn's Creation, Handel's Messiah, Rossini's 
Stabat Mater, and Mendelssohn's latest composition—the Lobegesang, or Hymn
of Praise."

PRINCIPAL PERFORMERS.

Mrs. Edward Loder, Miss De Luce, Miss Schmitt, Miss Watson, Mr. Mas-
sett. Mr. H. C. Timm, and Mr. W. A. King, (organ.)

The chorus will be most carefully selected, consisting chiefly of members
of the celebrated New York Vocal Society, under the direction of Mr. H. C. 
Watson.

PROGRAMME-PART 1.

1—Organ....Solo..........Mr. W. A. King.

2—Aria, Mrs. E. Loder, “O Salutaris Hostia,”.................Mozart

3—Chorus, “How lovely are the messengers,” from St. Paul.Mendelssohn

4—Song, “ With verdure clad,, Miss Watson, from the Creation.Haydn

5—Song, Mrs. E. Loder, “Laudato Doinincm,” with Clarionette

Obligato, Mr. Groneveldt,.........................Mozart.

6—Aria, Miss Schmidt, “Pro Pcccatis,” from Stabet Mater......Rossini.

7 Duett and Chorus, “I waited for the Lord,” Mrs. Loder, Miss

Watson, from the Lobgesang, (Hymn of Praise).Mendelssohn.

8—Cavatina, Miss De Luce, “ Fac ut portem,” from the Stabet Mater....Rossini.
9—Grand Chorus and Solo, Miss Watson, “The marvellous works,”

from the Creation,.................................Haydn.

PART 2.

1—Grand Organ piece, four hands, Messrs. Timm and King.

2—Solo and Chorus, Mr. Massett, “ I praise thy name, O God,” and

“The Lord he is good,” from St. Paul.........Mendelssohn.

3—Song, Mrs. E. Loder, “ I know that my Redeemer liveth,” from

the Messiah,.................................  ...Handel.

4—Grand Chorus, “O great is the wisdom,” from St. Paul....Mendelssohn.

The whole performance will be under the direction of Mr. W. A. King, or-
ganist of the church.

Tickets 50 cents.	To commence at eight o’clock.

ESIGNING AND ENGRAVING

	ON WOOD.

SAMUEL E. BROWN, 70 Nassau Street, Corner of

John, New York.

Portraits, Views of Buildings, Scenery. Original Designs, &c. &c. furnished
at this establishment.

THE BOEHM FLUTE.

(NEW INVENTION.)

Adopted at the Royal Academy of Music, London, the Conservatorie at
Paris, and the Principal Musical Institutions in Europe.

MR. LARRABEE, Manufacturer of the “ Boehm

Flute,” 110 Fulton St. N. Y., anxious to introduce to the Amateurs of
the cities the above Important Invention, which has been so enthusiastically
received and generally used by the most distinguished European Artists, feels
happy in being able to place before them the following testimonial to its
merits, signed by two of the most distinguished of our resident Artists.

We hereby certify to the the excellence of Boehm Flute as manufactured
by Mr. J.D. Larrabee ; to the beauty of its tone, the perfection of its tune,
and the simplicity of its fingering, which renders a brilliant execution

comparatively easy.	pHIL1F Ernst (who has already introduced it

succcufully among his pupils. JOHN A. KYLE, Principal Flute of the Philhar-

monic Society and Italian Opera, Professor and Teacher of the Boehm Flute,
41 Forsyth street, New York.	

Amateurs and Professors are requested to call at the manufactory, 110
Fulton st. and judge for themselves.

JOHN DOUGLAS,

BOOK AND JOB PRINTER,

No. 106 FULTON STREET.

PIANO-FORTES.—A. H. GALE & CO.’S WARE-

Rooms, No. 289 Broadway—Manufactory Third Avenue, corner of 13th
 street.

Purchasers are invited to call and examine their extensive assortment of
Rosewood and Mahogany Piano-Fortes, with from six to seven octaves, em-
bracing ever variety of patterns, made in their well known substantial man-
ner, under their immediate and personal superintendence, by skillful and
experienced mechanics, from the best seasoned materials.

These instruments embrace many important improvements, which will re-
commend themselves, and are finished in the highest state of perfection, with
the best French grand action, warranted in every respect by the manufac-
turer.

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to

Duhois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assort-
ment of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of the most superior
quality ; such as he is prepared to guarantee for their excellence of Tone,
Touch, and External Finish, and to endure in any climate. A liberal dis-
count from the standard prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano
Fortes aways on hire.

PIANO FORTES.

THE Subscribers, while returning thanks to their

numerous friends, and to the public, would, at the same time, call atten-
tion to their Stock of Instruments, of six and seven octaves, just finished, in
elegant Rosewood and Mahogany cases.

The Subscribers, from their long experience in every department of the
business, have been enabled to add several important improvements to the
action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove, upon examina-
tion, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM.

361 Broadway.

Manufactory 13th St., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

N. B.—A good second-hand Piano Forte for sale.

PIANO FORTES—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

 Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as iron frames,
&c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made from choice mate-
rials and highly finished, with the most faithful workmanship, the result of
23 years experience in the business.

F RILEY & CO., No. 297 Broadway, (between

Reade and Duane streets,) New York, Publishers of Music, and Man-
ufacturers of Musical Instruments, wholesale and retail. In addition to their
own catalogue, (one of the largest in the United States,) they keep on hand
he publications of all the principal Music houses. They are erecting a large
Saloon in the rear of their store, where Piano Fortes of a superior quality,
will be constantly kept on hand.

PIANO - FORTES—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick.) invites the attention of the musical public to the ele-
gant and varied aesortment he now has at his Old Establishment, Corner of
Cottage-place and Bleecker Street, which he will sell at prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twenty
years, and for a large por,ion of that time manufacturer for two of the larg -
est Music Stores in this city, feels warranted in saying that his instruments
will bear a favorable chmparison with those of the best makers in this coun-
try or Europe, and that they contain all the real improvements of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and Repaired.

New York, April 23d. 1845.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO-FORTE MANUFACTURER,

88, 90, & 92 WALKER STREET, NEAR ELM.

A large stock of the finest Instruments always on hand.
TERMS MODERATE.

BERTINI’S METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive

work yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this method
the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases. The most prom-
inent feature of this work is that the lessons, exercises, scales and studies, are
given in such progressive order, that they enlist the interest of pupils, and
carry them almost imperceptibly through those mechanical difficulties which,
otherwise, are too often made irksome in other instruction books. The time
has arrived when a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account,
and it is only by the study of such methods as Bertini’s that pupils will be en
abled to read music with facility, and at the same time become good musi-
cians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner ; the rud-
ments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and each lesson
is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

The publishers are in possession of the highest reccommendations from pro-
fessional gentleman, who speak of the superior merits of Bertini’s Method
over all others yet published in this country, most of them having used the
foreign copies previously. It will only be necessary to give a few of the
names in the principal cities.

Borrow.	New	York.

Messrs. G. J. Webb.	Messrs. H. C. Timm.

J. G Maedar.	W.	Alpers.

H.T. Hach.	U. C. Hill.

E. L. White.	F. H. Brown.

David Paine.	Philadelphia.

A. Kurek.	B. C. Cross.

T. B. Moses.	Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw.

Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the work.
American edition published by E. H. WADE and W. H. OAKES, 197 Wash-
ington street, Boston.

320

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

MR. AND MRS. KIRKLAND’S
SCHOOL FOR YOUNG LADIES,

No. 255 Greene Street,

One door above Waverly Place, New York.

THIS School differs essentially from most others in

this city, in one particular: the number admitted is so limited that each
scholar receives the personal attention and instruction of the principals.

Mr. Kirkland resided some years in Europe for the express purpose of
qualifying himself as an instructor.

The French language is taught by an approved master, a native of France;
and every facility is afforded for practice, both in the school and in the family.

The plan of instruction embraces three divisions. The Initiatory Course in-
cludes Grammar, Geography, American History, Writing and Arithmetic,
with Composition. Reading aloud, Spelling and Definition, form part of the
daily exercises of the whole school.

The Second continues the above-named studies, with the addition of An-
cient and Modern History and the French Language.

In the higher or AEsthetic course all the usual branches of a thorough En-
glish course of education are included, with French, German, Latin and
Greek, according to the wish of the parent and the capacity of the scholar.
Pupils in this course pay particular attention to Poetry, to the art of Com-

Sosition, and to the Philosophy of History. Moral Philosophy is taught from
Dymond, as abridged and prepared for schools by Mrs. Kirkland. Lectures
on various subjects are delivered by Mr. and Mrs. Kirkland, and others; and
the general course of study is advanced and rendered interesting by copious
illustrations from French and English Literature.

TERMS.

Primary Course, -	$12 50 Per Quarter.

Second “ (including French, &c.) 18 00	“

Third, or highest course, -	25 00	“

Music—Piano Forte,	-	-	- 15 00	“

“ Singing, -	-	-	15 00	“

Drawing,	-	-	-	- 10 00	“

Dancing, -	••	-	12 00	u

For Board, (payable Quarterly in advance,) $175 per Annum.

Board during vacations at the same rate.

The young ladies are required to bring towels, spoons, fork and napkin
ring—every article fully marked,

Washing $7 50 per Quarter.

No Extras—whether for such use of instruments, or any thing not hero
specified.

pupils received at any time, and charged in proportion only.

References to parents and guardians given if desired.

SHEPARD

IS SELLING BOOKS AND STATIONARY AS

 cheap as ever.

He has added a large assortment of Books bought at very low prices at
the late trade sale.

Niebuhr’s Rome, just published at $5, he will sell far below that price.
Encyclopedia Americana, in 13 vols., he will sell low enough.

He has also added a beautiful assortment of Gold Pencils—some of which
he will sell as low as $1,87 1-2 cents, warranted.

Another lot of that beautiful Letter Paper at $1,50 per ream—well worth
$2,25.

Please call and see if you cannot buy to suit you at

SHEPARD’S, 191 Broadway,

opposite John street

UNITED STATES’ EXPLORING EXPEDITION.

CHEAP EDITION.

NARRATIVE OF THE U. S. EXPLORING EX-

PEDITION, during the years 1839, 39, 40, 41, 42. By Charles Wilkes,
U. S. Navy, Commander of the Expedition. With Illustrations and Maps. In
Five Volumes. Vol. 1, $2 00.

This edition contains precisely the same type, page, and reading
matter, as the one in imperial octavo ; the difference between them being in
the quality and size of the paper, and the omission of the steel plates, and
some of the maps. The number of wood illustrations in this edition is near-
ly three hundred. A volume will be published about every two weeks, un-
til the whole work shall be completed. For sale by

WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

NOW READY, (Gratis,) WILEY & PUTNAM’S

LITERARY NEWS-LETTER FOR MAY, containing—

1.	—Foreign Literary Intelligence.

2.	—American Literary Intelligence.

3.	—Important English Works in press.

4.	—List of new English Works just published.

5.	—New American Works published in April.

6.	—Works recently imported, with the prices.'

7.	_W. & P.’s recent Publications, with Critical Notices.

8.	—Books which are Books: Library of Choice Beading.

9.	—The United States’ Exploring Expedition,

WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

This News-Letter will be distributed gratuitously to all who will
leave their address with the publishers. Single copies of English books im-
ported to order per steamer or packet.	myl0

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

The first Premium awarded five years by the American Institute for the

best Specimen of Off-hand Penmanship.

GOLDSMITH S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

NO. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-
tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of one hour each.

Double Entry Book-Keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 8 P. M. daily for gentlemen
and from 11 to 1 o’clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems or Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published Monthly at Richmond, Va. ; price Five Dollars per Year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since 1835,

has a large subscription list among the elite of the Southern Aristocracy,
and is the principal organ of Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the “ Broadway Jour-
nal,” 135 Nassau st.

IMPORTANT WORKS FOR PUBLIC LIBRARIES.

FOR SALE BY

BARTLETT & WELFORD, NEW YORK.

THE TRANSACTIONS OF THE ROYAL SOCI-

ETY OF LONDON, or Philosophical Transactions, from the
commencement, in 1665 to 1800. By Drs. Hutton and Shaw ;
in 18 vols. 4 to., and from 1600 to 1835, in 36 vols., together
54 vols. royal, 4 to. uniformly bound in half calf.	$250 00

THE ARCHAEOLEGIA ; or Miscellaneous Tracts, relating to
Antiquity, by the Society of Antiquaries of Sweden, complete
from the beginning in 1770 to 1843, in 30 vols. uniformly
bound in half russia.	225 00

THE DELPHIN EDITION OF THE LATIN CLASSICS; by
Valpy, with various notes, the best edition, (published at £150
sterling) in 142 vols. 8 vo. boards.	200 00

PINKERTONS’ COLLECTIONS OF VOYAGES AND TRAV-
ELS in various parts of the world, 17 large vols., 4 to. half
bound in calf.	70	00

BAYLE’S GREAT HISTORICAL AND CRITICAL DICTION-
ARY ; by Des Maizeaux, best edition, 5 vols. folio, bound in
calf.	30	00

ANDERSONS’ BRITISH POETS; from Chaucer to Warton ; 14
vols. royal 8 vo. bound in calf extra.	40 00

COLONEL VYSE’S ACCOUNT OF OPERATIONS CARRIED
ON IN EXPLORING THE PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT; with
numerous plates; 3	vols. 4 to.	14	00

REPUBLICATION OF THE FOREIGN MAGAZINES.

LONDON, EDINBURGH, FOREIGN, and WEST-

MINSTER QUARTERLY REVIEWS, and BLACKWOOD’S MAGA-
ZINE.

The above Periodicals are reprinted in New-York, immediately on their
arrival by the British steamers, in a beautiful clear type, on fine white paper
and are faithful copies of the originals—Blackwood’s Magazine being an ex-
act fac-simile of the Edinburgh Edition.

The wide spread fame of these splendid Periodicals renders it needless to
say much to their praise. As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
any works of a similar stamp now published, while their political complexion
is marked by a dignity, candor, and forbearance not often found in works of
a party character.

They embrace the views of the three great parties in England, Whig, Tory,
and Radical. “ Blackwood” and the “ London Quarterly” are Tory; the
“ Edinburgh Review” Whig ; and the " Westminster” Radical. The “For-
eign Quarterly” is purely literary, being devoted principally to criticisms on
foreign Continental Works.

The prices of the Re-Prints are less than one third of those of the foreign
copies ; and while they are equally well got up, they afford all that advan-
tage to the American over the English reader.

TERMS.—Payment to he made in Advance.

For the four Quarterly Reviews, $8.00 per annum,

For any three	“	"	7.00	"

For any two	“	"	5.00	"

For any one	“	:	3 00	"

For Blackwood, Monthly,	3.00	"

For 4 Reviews & Blackwood,	10.00	"

		CLUBBING.

Four copies of any or all the above works will be sent to one address, on
payment of the regular subscription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.

Remittances and communications (post-paid or franked) should be made to

LEONARD SCOTT & CO., Pub’s, 112 Fulton st., N.Y.

DISEASES OF THE TEETH.

T	Washington, D. C., May, 1844.

HE neglect of the Teeth is the cause of much suffering
and regret, and should not be disregarded by the most thoughtless.
The undersigned having received the benefit of Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s
professional skill, and believing him well qualified in the science of
Dental Surgery, and an accomplished and skillful operator, we most
cheerfully certify to the ease and safety with which Dr. B. performs
the various and important operations, so essential to the usefulness,
durability, and beauty of the Teeth.

Hon. J. W. M. Berrien, Geo. Hon. John B. Dawson, La.
Joshua Herrick, Me.	John H. Lumpkin, Geo.

James Irvin, Pa.	J. Thompson, Miss.

Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s Office and Residence, 103 Liberty st., New York.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL,

Redding & Co., .... Boston, Mass.
Colon & Adriance,	... Philadelphia, Pa.

R. G. H. Huntington, -	.	. Hartford, Ct.

George Jones, .... Albany,N. Y.
Thomas H. Pease, ... New Haven, Ct.

John Douglas, Printer, 106 Fulton Street.