THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JULY 26, 1845.	NO. 3.

Three Dollars per Annum.	EDITED BY	Published at 136 Nassau St.

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	EDGAR A. POE AND HENRY C. WATSON.	By JOHN BISCO.

The Literary Life of Thingum Bob, Esq.

LATE EDITOR OF THE “ GOOSETHERUMFOODLE.”

BY HIMSELF.

I am now growing in years, and—since I understand that
Shakespeare and Mr. Emmons are deceased—it is not im-
possible that I may even die. It has occurred to me, there-
fore, that I may as well retire from the field of Letters and
repose upon my laurels. But I am ambitious of signalizing
my abdication of the literary sceptre by some important be-
quest to posterity; and, perhaps, I cannot do a better
thing than just pen for it an account of my earlier career.
My name, indeed, has been so long and so constantly before
the public eye, that I am not only willing to admit the nat-
uralness of the interest which it has every where excited, but
ready to satisfy the extreme curiosity which it has inspired.
In fact it is no more than the duty of him who achieves great-
ness, to leave behind him, in his ascent, such landmarks as
may guide others to be great. I propose, therefore, in the
present paper, (which I had some idea of calling “ Memo-
randa to serve for the Literary History of America,”) to give
a detail of those important, yet feeble and tottering first steps,
by which, at length, I attained the high road to the pinnacle
of human renown.

Of one’s very remote ancestors it is superfluous to say
much. My father, Thomas Bob, Esq., stood for many
years at the summit of his profession, which was that of a
merchant-barber, in the city of Smug. His warehouse was
the resort of all the principal people of the place, and espe-
cially of the editorial corps—a body which inspires all about
it with profound veneration and awe. For my own part, I
regarded them as Gods, and drank in with avidity the rich wit
and wisdom which continuously flowed from their august
mouths during the process of what is styled “ lather.” My
first moment of positive inspiration must be dated from that
ever-memorable epoch, when the brilliant conductor of the
‘‘Gad-Fly,’’ in the intervals of the important process just
mentioned, recited aloud, before a conclave of our apprentices,
an inimitable poem in honor of the “ Only Genuine Oil-of-
Bob,” (so called from its talented inventor, my father,) and
for which effusion the editor of the “ Fly" was remunerated
with a regal liberality, by the firm of Thomas Bob and com-
pany, merchant barbers.

The genius of the stanzas to the “ Oil-of-Bob" first breath-
ed into me, I say, the divine afflatus. I resolved at once to
become a great man and to commence by becoming a great
poet. That very evening I fell upon my knees at the feet
of my father.

“ Father,” I said, “ pardon me!—but I have a soul above
lather. It is my firm intention to cut the shop. I would
be an editor—I would be a poet—I would pen stanzas to
the ‘ Oil-of-Bob.’ Pardon me and aid me to be great!”

“ My dear Thingum,” replied my father, (I had been
christened Thingum after a wealthy relative so surnamed,)

“ My dear Thingum,” he said, raising me from my knees by
the ears—“ Thingum, my boy, you’re a trump, and take af-
ter your father in having a soul. You have an immense
head, too, and it must hold a great many brains. This
I have long seen, and therefore had thoughts of making you
a lawyer. The business, however, has grown ungenteel,
and that of a politician don’t pay. Upon the whole you
judge wisely;—the trade of editor is best:—and if you can
be a poet at the same time,—as most of the editors are, by
the by,—why you will kill two birds with one stone. To
encourage you in the beginning of things, I will allow you a
garret; pen, ink and paper ; a rhyming dictionary ; and a
copy of the ‘ Gad-Fly.’ I suppose you would scarcely de-
mand any more.”

“I would be an ungrateful villain if I did,” I replied with
enthusiasm. “ Your generosity is boundless. I will repay
it by making you the father of a genius.”

Thus ended my conference with the best of men, and im-
mediately upon its termination, I betook myself with zeal to
my poetical labors ; as upon these, chiefly, I founded my
hopes of ultimate elevation to the editorial chair.

In my first attempts at composition I found the stanzas to
“ The Oil-of-Bob” rather a draw-back than otherwise.
Their splendor more dazzled than enlightened me. The
contemplation of their excellence tended, naturally, to discour-
age me by comparison with my own abortions; so that for
a long time I labored in vain. At length there came into
my head one of those exquisitely original ideas which now
and then will permeate the brain of a man of genius. It
was this:—or, rather, thus was it carried into execution.
From the rubbish of an old book-stall, in a very remote cor-
ner of the town, I got together several antique and altogeth-
er unknown or forgotten volumes. The bookseller sold them
to me for a song. From one of these, which purported to be
a translation of one Dante's “Inferno,” I copied with re-
markable neatness a long passage about a man named Ugo-
lino, who had a parcel of brats. From another which con-
tained a good many old plays by some person whose name
I forget, I extracted in the same manner, and with the same
care, a great number of lines about “ angels" and “ ministers
saying grace,” and “goblins damned,” and more besides of
that sort. From a third, which was the composition of some
blind man or other, either a Greek or a Choctaw—I cannot
be at the pains of remembering every trifle exactly—I took
about fifty verses beginning with “ Achilles’ wrath,” and
“ grease,” and something else. From a fourth, which I re-
collect was also the work of a blind man, I selected a page
or two all about “ hail” and “holy light;” and although a
blind man has no business to write about light, still the verses
were sufficiently good in their way.

Having made fair copies of these poems I signed everyone
of them " Oppodeldoc,” (a fine sonorous name,) and, doing
each up nicely in a separate envelope, I despatched one to
each of the four principal Magazines, with a request for
speedy insertion and prompt pay. The result of this well

34

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

conceived plan, however, (the success of which would have
saved me much trouble in after life,) served to convince me
that some editors are not to be bamboozled, and gave the
coup-de-grace (as they say in France,) to my nascent hopes,
(as they say in the city of the transcendentals.)

The fact is, that each and every one of the Magazines in
question, gave Mr. “Oppodeldoc’ a complete using-up, in
the “ Monthly Notices to Correspondents.” The “ Hum-
Drum” gave him a dressing after this fashion:

“ ‘Oppodeldoc,’ (whoever he is,) has sent us a long tirade con-
cerning a bedlamite whom he styles ‘ Ugolino,” who had a great 
many children that should have been all whipped and sent to bed 
without their suppers. The whole affair is exceedingly tame—not
to say flat. ‘Oppodeldoc,’ (whoever he is,) is entirely devoid of
imagination—and imagination, in our humble opinion, is not only
the soul of Poesy, but also its very heart. Oppodeldoc,’ (whoever
he is,) has the audacity to demand of us, for his twattle, a ‘ speedy
insertion and prompt pay.’ We neither insert nor purchase any
stuff of the sort. There can be no doubt, however, that he would
meet with a ready sale for all the balderdash he can scribble, at the
office of either the ‘ Rowdy-Dow,’ the ‘ Lollipop,’ or the ‘ Goose-
therumfoodle.’ ”

All this, it must be acknowledged, was very severe upon
“ Oppodeldoc”—but the unkindest cut was putting the word
Poesy in small caps. In those five preeminent letters what
a world of bitterness is there not involved !

But “ Oppodeldoc” was punished with equal severity in
the “ Rowdy-dow,” which spoke thus:

“We have received a most singular and insolent communication
from a person, (whoever he is,) signing himself ‘ Oppodeldoc’—
thus desecrating the greatness of the illustrious Roman Emperor so
named. Accompanying the letter of ‘ Oppodeldoc,’ (whoever he
is,) we find sundry lines of most disgusting and unmeaning rant
about ‘ angels and ministers of grace’—rant such as no madman
short of a Nat Lee, or an ‘ Oppodeldoc,’ could possibly perpetrate.
And for this trash of trash, we are modestly requested to ‘ pay
promptly.’ No sir—no ! We pay for nothing of that sort. Apply
to the ‘ Hum-Drum,’ the ‘ Lollipop,’ or the ‘ Goosetherumfoodle.’
These periodicals will undoubtedly accept any literary offal you
may send them—and as undoubtedly promise to pay for it.”

This was bitter indeed upon poor “ Oppodeldoc but, in
this instance, the weight of the satire falls upon the “ Hum-
drum,” the “ Lollipop,” and the “ Goosetherumfoodle,” who
are pungently styled “ periodicals" — in Italics, too — a
thing that must have cut them to the heart.

Scarcely less savage was the “Lollipop,” which thus
discoursed:

“ Some individual, who rejoices in the appellation ‘ Oppodeldoc,’
(to what low uses are the names of the illustrious dead too often
applied!) has enclosed us some fifty or sixty verses, commencing
after this fashion:

Achilles’ wrath, to Greece the direful spring
Of woes unnumbered, &c., &c., &c., &c.

‘ Oppodeldoc,’ (whoever he is,) is respectfully informed that
there is not a printer’s devil in our office who is not in the daily ha-
bit of composing better lines. Those of ‘ Oppodeldoc’ will not scan.

' Oppodeldoc' should learn to count. But why he shouldehave con-
ceived the idea that we, (of all others, we!) would disgrace our
pages with his ineffable nonsense, is utterly beyond comprehension
Why, the absurd twattle is scarcely good enough for the ‘ Hum-
Drum,’ the ‘ Rowdy-Dow,’ the ‘ Goosetherumfoodle’—things that
are in the practice of publishing ‘ Mother Goose’s Melodies’ as ori-
nal lyrics. And ‘Oppodeldoc, (whoever he is,) has even the assu-
rance to demand pay for this drivel. Does 'Oppodeldoc,' (who-
ever he is,) know—is he aware that we could not be paid to insert
it?”

As I perused this I felt myself growing gradually smaller

and smaller, and when I came to the point at which the edi-
tor sneered at the poem as “ verses," there was little more
than an ounce of me left. As for “ Oppodeldoc” I began to
experience compassion for the poor fellow. But the “ Goose-
therumfoodle” showed, if possible, less mercy than the “ Lol-
lipop.” It was the “ Goosetherumfoodle” that said :

“ A wretched poetaster, who signs himself ‘ Oppodeldoc,’ is silly
enough to fancy that we will print and pay for a medley of incohe-
rent and ungrammatical bombast which he has transmitted to us,
and which commences with the following most intelligible line:

“ Hail, Holy Light! Offspring of Heaven, first born.”

“ We say, ‘ most intelligible.’ ‘Oppodeldoc,’ (whoever he is,)
will be kind enough to tell us, perhaps, how ‘hail' can be ‘ holy
light.’ We always regarded it as frozen rain. Will he inform us,
also, how frozen rain can be, at one and the same time, both ‘ holy
light,’ (whatever that is,) and an ‘ offspring?'—which latter term, (if
we understand any thing about English,) is only employed, with
propriety, in reference to small babies of about six weeks old. But
it is preposterous to descant upon such absurdity—although ‘ Oppo-
deldoc,’ (whoever he is,) has the unaparalleled effrontery to sup-
pose that we will not only ‘ insert’ his ignorant ravings, but (abso-
lutely) pay for them !

“ Now this is fine—it is rich!—and we have half a mind to
punish 'his young scribbler for his egotism, by really publishing his
ffusion, verbatim et literatim, as he has written it. We could in-
flict no punishment so severe, and we would inflict it, but for the
boredom which we should cause our readers in so doing.

“ Let ‘ Oppodeldoc,’ (whoever he is.) send any future composition
of like character to the ' Hum-Drum,’ the ‘Lollipop,’ or the ‘ Row-
dy-Dow.’ They will ‘insert' it. They ‘insert’ every month just
such stuff. Send it to them. WE are not to be insulted with im-
punity.”

This made an end of me ; and as for the “ Hum-Drum,’>
the “Rowdy-Dow,” and the “Lollipop,” I never could com-
prehend how they survived it. The putting them in the
smallest possible minion, (that was the rub—thereby insinu-
ating their lowness—their baseness,) while WE stood look-
ing down upon them in gigantic capitals!—oh it was too bit-
ter !—it was wormwood—it was gall. Had I been either of
these periodicals I would have spared no pains to have the
“ Goosetherumfoodle” prosecuted. It might have been done
under the Act for the “Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.”
As for “ Oppodeldoc,” (whoever he was,) I had by this time
lost all patience with the fellow, and sympathized with him
no longer. He was a fool, beyond doubt, (whoever he was,)
and got not a kick more than he deserved.

The result of my experiment with the old books, convinc-
ed me, in the first place, that “honesty is the best policy,”
and, in the second, that if I could not write better than Mr.
Dante, and the two blind men, and the rest of the old set, it
would, at least, be a difficult matter to write worse. I took
heart, therefore, and determined to prosecute the “ entirely
original," (as they say on the covers of the magazines,) at
whatever cost of study and pains. I again placed before my
eyes, as a model, the brilliant stanzas on “ The Oil-of-Bob,”
by the editor of the “ Gad-Fly,” and resolved to construct an
Ode on the same sublime theme, in rivalry of what had al-
ready been done.

With my first verse I had no material difficulty. It ran
thus:

To pen an Ode upon the “ Oil-of-Bob.”

Having carefully looked out, however, all the legitimate
rhymes to “ Bob,” I found it impossible to proceed. In this
dilemma I had recourse to paternal aid ; and, after some hours
of mature thought, my father and myself thus constructed
the poem:

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

35

To pen an Ode upon the 
"Oil-of-Bob”

Is all sorts of a job.

(Signed,)	Snob.

To be sure this composition was of no very great length—
but I “ have yet to learn” as they say in the Edinburgh Re
view, that the mere extent of a literacy work has any thing
to do with its merit. As for the Quarterly cant about
“ sustained effort,” it is impossible to see the sense of it.
Upon the whole, therefore, I was satisfied with the success
of my maiden attempt, and now the only question regarded
the disposal I should make of it. My father suggested that I
should send it to the “ Gad-Fly”—but there were two rea-
sons which operated to prevent me from so doing. I dreaded
the jealousy of the editor—and I had ascertained that he did
not pay for original contributions. I therefore, after due
deliberation, consigned the article to the more dignified
pages of the “ Lollipop,” and awaited the event in anxiety,
but with resignation.

In the very next published number I had the proud satis-
faction of seeing my poem printed at length, as the leading
article, with the following significant words, prefixed in ita-
lics and between brackets :

[" We cali the attention of our readers to the subjoined admirable
stanzas on “ The Oil-of-Bob." We need say nothing of their subli-
mity, or of their pathos:—it is impossible to peruse them without
tears. Those who have been nauseated with a sad dose on the same
august topic from the goose-quill of the editor of the “ Gad-Fly,"
will do well to compare the two compositions.

P. S. We are consumed with anxiety to probe the mystery which
envelops the evident pseudonym “ Snob." May we not hope for a
personal interview ?"]

All this was scarcely more than justice, but it was, I con-
fess, rather more than I had expected :—I acknowledge this,
be it observed, to the everlasting disgrace of my country and
of mankind. I lost no time, however, in calling upon the
editor of the “ Lollipop,” and had the good fortune to find
this gentleman at home. He saluted me with an air of pro-
found respect, slightly blended with a fatherly and patroniz-
ing admiration, wrought in him, no doubt, by my appearance
of extreme youth and inexperience. Begging me to be seat-
ed, he entered at once upon the subject of my poem ;—but
modesty will ever forbid me to repeat the thousand compli-
ments which he lavished upon me. The eulogies of Mr.
Crab, (such was the editor’s name,) were, however, by no
means fulsomely indiscriminate. He analyzed my composi-
tion with much freedom and great ability—not hesitating to
point out a few trivial defects—a circumstance which ele-
vated him highly in my esteem. The “ Gad-Fly” was, of
course, brought upon the tapis, and I hope never to be sub-
jected to a criticism so searching, or to rebukes so withering,
as were bestowed by Mr. Crab upon that unhappy effusion.

I had been accustomed to regard the editor of the “ Gad-Fly”
as something superhuman; but Mr. Crab soon disabused me
of that idea. He set the literary as well as the personal cha-
racter of the Fly (so Mr. C. satirically designated the rival
editor,) in its true light. He, the Fly, was very little better
than he should be. He had written infamous things. He
was a penny-a-liner, and a buffoon. He was a villain.
He had composed a tragedy which set the whole country in
a guffaw, and a farce which deluged the universe in tears.
Besides all this, he had the impudence to pen what he meant
for a lampoon upon himself, (Mr. Crab,) and the temerity to
style him “ an ass.” Should I at any time wish to express
my opinion of Mr. Fry, the pages of the “Lollipop,” Mr.
Crab assured me, were at my unlimited disposal. In the
meantime, as it was very certain that I would be attacked in
the Fly for my attempt at composing a rival poem o

Oil-of-Bob,” he (Mr. Crab,) would take it upon himself to
attend, pointedly, to my private and personal interests. If I
were not made a man of at once, it should not be the fault
of himself, (Mr. Crab.)

Mr. Crab having now paused in his discourse, (the latter

	portion of which I found it impossible to comprehend,) I ven-
tured to suggest something about the remuneration which

I had been taught to expect for my poem, by an announce-
ment on the cover of the “ Lollipop,” declaring that it, (the
j“ Lollipop,”) “ insisted upon being permitted to pay exorbi-
tant prices for all accepted contributions;—frequently expend-
ing more money for a single brief poem than the whole an-
nual cost of the ‘ Hum-Drum,’ the ‘ Rowdy-Dow,’ and the
' Goosetherumfoodle’ combined.”

As I mentioned the word “ remuneration,” Mr. Crab first
opened his eyes, and then his mouth, to quite a remarkable
extent: causing his personal appearance to resemble that of
a highly-agitated elderly duck in the act of quacking;—and
in this condition he remained, (ever and anon pressing his
 hands tightly to his forehead, as if in a state of desperate be-
wilderment) until I had nearly made an end of what I had
to say.

Upon my conclusion, he sank back into his seat, as if
much overcome, letting his arms fall lifelessly by his side,
but keeping his mouth still rigorously open, after the fashion
of the duck. While I remained in speechless astonishment
at behaviour so alarming, he suddenly leaped to his feet and
made a rush at the bell-rope ; but just as he reached this, he
appeared to have altered his intention, whatever it was, for
he dived under a table and immediately re-appeared with a
cudgel. This he was in the act of uplifting, (for what pur-
pose I am at a loss to imagine,) when, all at once, there came
a benign smile over his features, and he sank placidly back
 in his chair.

“ Mr. Bob,” he said, (for I had sent up my card before as-
cending myself,) “ Mr. Bob, you are a young man, I presume

 —very ?”

I assented; adding that I had not yet concluded my third
lustrum.

“Ah!” he replied, “very good! I see how it is—say no
more ! Touching this matter of compensation, what you ob-
 serve is very just: in fact it is excessively so. But—ah—ah
 —the first contribution—the first, I say—it is never the Ma-
 gazine custom to pay for—you comprehend, eh ? The truth
is, we are usually the recipients in such case.” [Mr. Crab
smiled blandly as he emphasized the word “ recipients.”]
“ For the most part, we are paid for the insertion of a maiden
attempt—especially in verse. In the second place, Mr. Bob,
the Magazine rule is never to disburse what we term in
France the argent comptant :—I have no doubt you under-
stand. In a quarter or two after publication of the article—
or in a year or two—we make no objection to giving our note
at nine months :—provided always that we can so arrange
our affairs as to be quite certain of a ‘ burst up’ in six. I
really do hope, Mr. Bob, that you will look upon this expla-
nation as satisfactory.” Here Mr. Crab concluded, and the
tears stood in his eyes.

Grieved to the soul at having been, however innocently,
the cause of pain to so eminent and so sensitive a man, I
hastened to apologize, and to reassure him, by expressing my
perfect coincidence with his views, as well as my entire ap-
preciation of the delicacy of his position. Having done all
this in a neat speech, I took leave.

One fine morning, very shortly afterwards, “ I awoke and
found myself famous.” The extent of my renown will e
best estimated by reference to the editorial opinions of the

36

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

day. These opinions, it will be seen, were embodied in cri-
tical notices of the number of the “ Lollipop-’ containing my
poem, and are perfectly satisfactory, conclusive and clear
with the exception, perhaps, of the hieroglyphical marks
“ Sep. 15—1 t."	appended to each of the critiques.

The “Owl,” a journal of profound sagacity, and well
known for the deliberate gravity of its literary decisions—the
“ Owl,"’ I say, spoke as follows:

“ ‘ The Lollipop !’ The October number of this delicious Maga-
zine surpasses its predecessors, and sets competition at defiance.
In the beauty of its typography and paper—in the number and ex-
cellence of its steel plates—as well as in the literary merit of its con-
tributions—the 'Lollipop’ compares with its slow-paced rivals as
Hyperion with a Satyr. The ‘ Hum-Drum.’ the ' Row.ly-Dow,’ and
the ’ Goosetherumfoodle,’ excel, it is true, in braggadocio, but, in
all other points, give us the ‘ Lollipop !' How this celebrated jour
nal can sustain its evidently tremendous expenses, is more than we
can understand. To be sure, it has a circulation of 100,000, and
its subscription-list has increased one fourth during the last month:
but, on the other hand, the sums it disburses constantly for contri-
butions are inconceivable. It is reported that Mr. Slyass received
no less than thirty-seven and a half cents for his inimitable paper on
‘ Pigs.’ With Mr. Crab, as editor, and with such names upon the
list of contributors as Snob and Slyass, there can be no such word as
‘ fail’ for the ‘ Lollipop.’ Go and subscribe. Sep. 15—1t."

I must say that I was gratified with this high-toned notice
from a paper so respectable as the “ Owl.” The placing my
name—that is to say my nom de guerre—in priority of station
to that of the great Slyass, was a compliment as happy as I
felt it to be deserved.

My attention was next arrested by these paragraphs in
the “ Toad”—a print highly distinguished for its upright-
ness, and independence—for its entire freedom from sycophan-
cy and subservience to the givers of dinners.

“ The ‘ Lollipop’ for October is out in advance of all its contem-
poraries, and infinitely surpasses them, of course, in the splendor of
its embellishments, as well as in the richness of its literary contents,
The ‘ Hum-Drum,’ the ‘ Rowdy-Dow,’ and the ‘ Goosetherum-
foodle’ excel, we admit, in braggadocio, but, in all other points,
give us the ‘Lollipop" How this celebrated Magazine can sustain
its evidently tremendous expenses, is more than we can understand.
To be sure, it has a circulation of 200,000, and its subscription list
has increased one third during the last fortnight, but on the other
hand, the sums it disburses, monthly, for contributions, are fearfully
great. We learn that Mr. Mumblelhumb received no less than fifty
cents for his late ‘ Monody in a Mud-Puddle.’

“ Among the original contributors to the present number we no-
tice, (besides the eminent editor, Mr. Crab.) such men as Snob,
Slyass, and Mumblethumb. Apart from the editorial matter, the
most valuable paper, nevertheless, is, we think, a poetical gem by
‘ Snob,’ on the ‘ Oil-of-Bob’—but our readers must not suppose,
from the title of this incomparable bijou, that it bears any similitude
to some balderdash on the same subject by a certain contemptible
individual whose name is unmentionable to ears polite. The pre-
sent poem ‘ On the Oil-of-Bob,’ has excited universal anxiety and
curiosity in respect to the owner of the evident pseudonym, ‘ Snob'
—a curiosity which, happily, we have it in our power to satisfy.
' Snob’ is the nom-de-plume of Mr. Thingum Bob, of this city,—a
relative of the great Mr. Thingum, (after whom he is named,) and
otherwise connected with the most illustrious families of the State.
His father, Thomas Bob, Esq., is an opulent merchant in Smug.
Sep. 15—1 t.”

This generous approbation touched me to the heart —the
more especially as it emanated from a source so avowedly—
so proverbially pure as the “ Toad.” The word “ balder-
dash,” as applied to the “ Oil-of-Bob” of the Fly, I considered
singularly pungent and appropriate. The words “ gem” and
"bijou," however, used in reference to my composition,

 struck me as being, in some degree, feeble. They seemed
 to me to be deficient in force. They were not sufficiently
prononces, (as we have it in France.)

 I had hardly finished reading the “ Toad,” when a friend
placed in my hands a copy of the “ Mole,” a daily, enjoying
high reputation for the keenness of its perception about mat-
ters in general, and for the open, honest, above-ground style
of its editorials. The “ Mole” spoke of the “ Lollipop” as
follows :

“ We have just received the ‘ Lollipop’ for October, and must say
that never before have we perused any single number of any perio-
dical which afforded us a felicity so supreme. We speak advisedly.
The ‘Hum-Drum,’ the ‘ Rowdy-Dow’ and the ‘ Goosetherumfoodle’
must look well to their laurels. These prints, no doubt, surpass
every thing in loudness of pretension, but, in all other points, give
us the ‘ Lollipop !’ How this celebrated Magazine can sustain its
evidently tremendous expenses, is more than we can comprehend.
To be sure, it hits a circulation of 300,000 ; and its subscription-list
has increased one half within the last week, but then the sum it dis-
burses, monthly, for contributions, is astoundingly enormous. We
have it upon good authority, that Mr. Fatquack received no less
than sixty-two cents and a half for his late Domestic Nouvelette, the
 ‘ Dish-Clout.’

“ The contributors to the number before us are Mr. Crab, (the
 eminent editor,) Snob, Mumblelhumb, Fatquack and others; but,
after the inimitable compositions of the editor himself, we prefer a
 diamond-like effusion from the pen of a rising poet who writes
over the signature ‘ Snob’—a nom de guerre which we predict will
one day extinguish the radiance of ‘ Boz.’ ‘ Snob,’ we learn, is a
 Mr. Thingum Bob, sole heir of a wealthy merchant of this city,
 Thomas Bob. Esq., and a near relative of the distinguished Mr.

 Thingum. The title of Mr. B.’s admirable poem is the ' Oil-of-Bob’
—a somewhat unfortunate name, by-the-bye, as some contemptible
vagabond connected with the penny press has already disgusted the
 town with a great deal of drivel upon the same topic. There will
be no danger, however, of confounding the compositions. Sep. 15
—1 t."

The generous approbation of so clear-sighted a journal as
the “ Mole" penetrated my soul with delight. The only ob-
jection which occurred to me was, that the terms “con-
temptible vagabond-’ might have been better written “odious
and contemptible, wretch, villain and vagabond.” This would
 have sounded more gracefully, I think. “Diamond-like,”
also, was scarcely, it will be admitted, of sufficient intensity
 to express what the “Mole" evidently thought of the brilliancy
 of the “ Oil-of-Bob.”

On the same afternoon in which I saw these notices in the
“Owl,” the “Toad,” and the “Mole,” I happened to meet
with a copy of the “ Daddy-Long-Legs,” a periodical prover-
bial for the extreme extent of its understanding. And it was
the -‘Daddy-Long Legs" which spoke thus:

“ The ‘ Lollipop’!! This gorgeous Magazine is already before
the public for October. The question of pre-eminence is forever
 put to rest, and hereafter it will be excessively preposterous in the
‘ Hum-Drum,’ the ‘ Rowdy-Dow,’ or the ‘ Goosetherumfoodle,’ to
 make any farther spasmodic attempts at competition. These jour-
nals may excel the ‘ Lollipop’ in outcry, but, in all other points, give
us the ‘ Lollipop!’ How this celebrated Magazine can sustain its
 evidently tremendous expenses, is past comprehension. To be sure
 it has a circulation of precisely half a million, and its subscription-list
 has increased seventy-five per cent, within the last couple of days ;
 but then the sums it disburses, monthly, for contributions, are
scarcely credible ; we are cognizant of the fact, that Mademoiselle
Cribalittle received no lets than eighty-seven cents and a half for
 her late valuable Revolutionary Tale, entitled ‘ The York-Town
Katy-Did, and the Bunker-Hill Katy-Did’nt.’

“ The most able papers in the present number, are, of course,
 those furnished by the editor, (the eminent Mr. CRAB.) but there

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

37

are numerous magnificent contributions from such names as Snob;
Mademoiselle Cribalittle ; Slyass; Mrs. Fibalittle; Mumblethumb;
Mrs. Squibalittle; and. last, though not least, Fatquack. The world
may well be challenged to produce so rich a galaxy of genius.

“ The poem over the signature ‘ Snob’ is, we find, attracting uni-
versal commendation, and, we are constrained to say, deserves, if
possible, even more applause than it has received. The ‘ Oil-of-
Bob' is the title of this masterpiece of eloquence and art. One or
two of our readers may have a very faint, although sufficiently dis-
gusting recollection of a poem (?) similarly entitled, the perpetra_
tion of a miserable penny-a-liner, mendicant, and cut-throat, connect-
ed in the capacity of scullion, we believe, with one of the indecent
prints about the purlieus of the city ; we beg them, for God’s sake,
not to confound the compositions. The author of the ‘ Oil-of.Bob,
is, we hear, Thingum Bob, Fsq.. a gentleman of high genius, and
a scholar. ‘ Snob’ is merely a nom-de-guerre. Sept. 15—1 t.”

I could scarcely restrain my indignation while I perused
the concluding portions of this diatribe. It was clear to me
that the yea-nay manner—not to say the gentleness—the
positive forbearance with which the “Daddy-Long-Legs”
spoke of that pig, the editor of the “Gad-Fly”—it was evi-
dent to me, I say, that this gentleness of speech could pro-
ceed from nothing else than a partiality for the Fly—whom
it was clearly the intention of the “ Daddy-Long-Legs” to
elevate into reputation at my expense. Any one, indeed,
might perceive, with half an eye, that, had the real design of
the “Daddy” been what it wished to appear, it, (the “Dad-
dy,”) might have expressed itself in terms more direct, more
pungent, and altogether more to the purpose. The words
“ penny-a-liner,” “mendicant,” “scullion,” and “cut-throat,”
were epithets so intentionally inexpressive and equivocal, as
to be worse than nothing when applied to the author of the
very worst stanzas ever penned by one of the human race.
We all know what is meant by “ damning with faint praise,"
and, on the other hand, who could fail seeing through the
covert purpose of the “ Daddy”—that of glorifying with
feeble abuse ?

What the “ Daddy” chose to say of the Fly, however, was
no business of mine. What it said of myself was. After the
noble manner in which the “Owl,” the “Toad,” the
“ Mole,” had expressed themselves in respect to my ability,
it was rather too much to be cooly spoken of by a thing like
the “ Daddy-Long-Legs,” as merely “a gentleman of high
genius and a scholar.” Gentleman indeed ! I made up my
mind, at once, either to get a written apology from the
“ Daddy-Long-Legs,” or to call it out.

Full of this purpose, I looked about me to find a friend
whom I could entrust with a message to his Daddyship, and,
as the editor of the “ Lollipop” had given me marked tokens
of regard, I at length concluded to seek assistance upon the
present occasion.

I have never yet been able to account, in a manner satis-
factory to my own understanding, for the very peculiar coun-
tenance and demeanor with which Mr. Crab listened to me,
as I unfolded to him my design. He again went through
the scene of the bell-rope and cudgel, and did not omit the
duck. At one period I thought he really intended to quack.
His fit, nevertheless, finally subsided as before, and he began
to act and speak in a rational way. He declined bearing the
cartel, however, and in fact, dissuaded me from sending it at
all; but was candid enough to admit that the “ Daddy- 
Long-Legs” had been disgracefully in the wrong—more es-
pecially in what related to the epithets “gentleman and
scholar."

Towards the end of this interview with Mr. Crab, who
really appeared to take a paternal interest in my welfare,
he suggested to me that I might turn an honest penny and,

at the same time, advance my reputation, by occasionally
playing Thomas Hawk for the “Lollipop.”

I begged Mr. Crab to inform me who was Mr. Thomas
Hawk, and how it was expected that I should play him.

Here Mr. Crab again “ made great eyes,” (as we say in
Germany,) but at length, recovering himself from a profound
attack of astonishment, he assured me that he employed the
words “ Thomas Hawk” to avoid the colloquialism, Tommy,
which was low—but that the true idea was Tommy Hawk
 —or tomahawk—and that by “ playing tomahawk” he re-
 ferred to scalping, brow-beating and otherwise using-up the
herd of poor-devil authors.

I assured my patron that, if this was all, I was perfectly
 resigned to the task of playing Thomas Hawk. Hereupon
Mr. Crab desired me to use-up the editor of the “ Gad-Fly”
forthwith, in the fiercest style within the scope of my ability,
and as a specimen of my powers. This I did, upon the spot,
in a review of the original “Oil-of-Bob,” occupying thirty-
six pages of the “Lollipop.” I found playing Thomas
Hawk, indeed, a far less onerous occupation than poetizing;
for I went upon system altogether, and thus it was easy to
do the thing thoroughly and well. My practice was this.

I bought auction copies (cheap) of “ Lord Brougham’s
Speeches," “ Cobbett’s Complete Works,” the “ New Slang-
Syllabus,” the “ Whole Art of Snubbing,” “ Prentice’s Bill-
ingsgate,” (folio edition,) and “ Lewis G. Clarke on Tongue.”
These works I cut up thoroughly with a curry-comb, and
then, throwing the shreds into a sieve, sifted out carefully
all that might be thought decent, (a mere trifle); reserving
the hard phrases, which I threw into a large tin pepper-cas-
tor with longitudinal holes, so that an entire sentence could
get through without material injury. The mixture was then
ready for use. When called upon to play Thomas Hawk, I
anointed a sheet of fools-cap with the while of a gander's
egg; then, shredding the thing to be reviewed as I had pre-
viously shredded the books,—only with more care, so as to
get every word separate—I threw the latter shreds in with
the former, screwed on the lid of the castor, gave it a shake,
and so dusted out the mixture upon the egg’d foolscap;
where it stuck. The effect was beautiful to behold. It was
captivating. Indeed the reviews I brought to pass by this
simple expedient have never been approached, and were the
wonder of the world. At first, through bashfulness—the re-
sult of inexperience—I was a little put out by a certain in-
consistency—a certain air of the bizarre, (as we say in
France,) worn by the composition as a whole. All the
phrases did not fit, (as we say in the Anglo-Saxon.) Many
were quite awry. Some, even, were up-side-down ; and
there were none of them which were not, in some measure,
injured, in regard to effect, by this latter species of accident,
when it occurred :—with the exception of Mr. Lewis Clarke’s
paragraphs, which were so vigorous, and altogether stout,
that they seemed not particularly disconcerted by any ex-
treme of position, but looked equally happy and satisfactory,
whether on their heads, or on their heels.

What became of the editor of the “Gad-Fly,” after the
publication of my criticism on his “ Oil-of-Bob," it is some-
what difficult to determine. The most reasonable conclu-
sion is, that he wept himself to death. At all events he dis-
appeared instantaneously from the face of the earth, and no
man has seen even the ghost of him since.

This matter having been properly accomplished, and
the Furies appeased, I grew at once into high favor with
Mr. Crab. He took me into his confidence, gave me a per-
manent situation as Thomas Hawk of the “ Lollipop,” and
as, for the present, he could afford me no salary, allowed me

38

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

to profit, at discretion, by his advice.

“ My Dear Thingum,” said he to me one day after dinner,
“I respect your abilities and love you as a son. You shall
be my heir. When I die I will bequeath you the ‘ Lollipop.’
In the meantime I will make a man of you—I will— provid-
ed always that you follow my counsel. The first thing to
do is to get rid of the old bore.”

“ Boar ?” said I inquiringly—“pig, eh?—aper ? (as we
say in Latin)—who ?—where ?

“ Your father,” said he.

“Precisely,” I replied,—“pig.”

“ You have your fortune to make, Thingum,” resumed
Mr. Crab. “ and that governor of yours is a millstone about
your neck. We must cut him at once.” [Here I took out
my knife.] “ We must cut him,” continued Mr. Crab, “ de-
cidedly and forever. He won’t do—he won't. Upon sec-
cond thoughts, you had better kick him, or cane him, or
something of that kind.”

What do you say,” I suggested modestly, “to my kicking
him in the first instance, caning him afterwards, and wind-
ing up by tweaking his nose?”

Mr. Crab looked at me musingly for some moments, and
then answered:

“ I think, Mr. Bob, that what you propose would answer
sufficiently well—indeed remarkably well—that is to say, as
far as it went—but barbers are exceedingly hard to cut, and
I think, upon the whole, that, having performed upon Thom-
as Bob the operations you suggest, it would be advisable to
blacken, with your fists, both his eyes, very carefully and
thoroughly, to prevent his ever seeing you again in fashion-
able promenades. After doing this, I really do not perceive
that you can do any more. However—it might be just as
well to roll him once or twice in the gutter, and then put
him in charge of the police. Any time the next morning
you can call at the watch-house and swear an assault.

I was much affected by the kindness of feeling towards
me personally, which was evinced in this excellent advice
of Mr. Crab, and I did not fail to profit by it forthwith.
The result was, that I got rid of the old bore, and began to
feel a little independent and gentleman-like. The want of
money, however, was, for a few weeks, a source of some
discomfort; but at length, by carefully putting to use my
two eyes, and observing how matters went just in front of
my nose, I perceived how the thing was to be brought about.
I say “ thing”—be it observed—for they tell me the Latin
for it is rem. By the way, talking of Latin, can any one tell
me the meaning of quocunque—or what is the meaning of
modo ?

My plan was exceedingly simple. I bought, for a song, a
sixteenth of the “ Snapping-Turtle:”—that was all. The
thing was done, and I put money in my purse. There were
some trivial arrangements afterwards, to be sure; but these
formed no portion of the plan. They were a consequence—a
result. For example, I bought pen, ink and paper, and put
them into furious activity. Having thus completed a Maga-
zine article, I gave it, for appellation, “Fol-Lol, by the Author
of 'The Oil-of-Bob,’” and enveloped it to the “Goosether-
umfoodle.” That journal, however, having pronounced it
“twattle” in the “Monthly Notices to Correspondents,” I
reheaded the paper “ ‘ Hey-Diddle-Diddle’ by Thingum Bob,
Esq., Author of the Ode on ' The Oil-of-Bob,’ and Editor of
the ‘ Snapping-Turtle.’ ” With this amendment, I reenclos-
ed it to the “ Goosetherumfoodle,” and, while I awaited a
reply, published daily, in the “ Turtle," six columns of what
may be termed philosophical and analytical investigation of
the literary merits of the “ Goosetherumfoodle,” as well as 

of the personal character of the editor of the “ Goosetherum-
foodle.” At the end of a week the “ Goosetherunifoodle”
discovered that it had, by some odd mistake, “ confounded a
stupid article, headed ‘ Hey-Diddle-Diddle’ and composed by
some unknown ignoramus, with a gem of resplendent lustre
similarly entitled, the work of Thingum Bob, Esq., the cele-
brated author of ‘ The Oil-of-Bob.’ ” The “ Goosetherumfoo-

dle” deeply “ regretted this very natural accident,” and pro-
mised, moreover, an insertion of the genuine ‘ Hey-Diddle-
Diddle’ in the very next number of the Magazine.

The fact is I thought—I really thought—I thought at the
time—I thought then—and have no reason for thinking oth-
erwise now—that the “ Goosetherumfoodle” did make a mis-
take. With the best intentions in the world, I never knew
any thing that made as many singular mistakes as the
“ Goosetherumfoodle.” From that day I took a liking to the
 “ Goosetherumfoodle,” and the result was I soon saw into
 the very depths of its literary merits, and did not fail to ex-
patiate upon them, in the “ Turtle,” whenever a fitting op-
 portunity occurred. And it is to be regarded as a very pecu-
 liar coincidence—as one of those positively remarkable coin-
 cidences which set a man to serious thinking—that just
 such a total revolution of opinion—just such entire boulever-

sement, (as we say in French,)—just such thorough topsitur-
 viness, (if I may be permitted to employ a rather forcible
 term of the Choctaws,) as happened, pro and con, between

 myself on the one part, and the “Goosetherunifoodle” on
the other, did actually again happen, in a brief period after-
 wards, and with precisely similar circumstances, in the case
of myself and the “Rowdy-Dow,” and in the case of myself
and the “ Hum-Drum.”

Thus it was that, by a master-stroke of genius, I at length
 consummated my triumphs by “ putting money in my purse”
and thus may be said really and fairly to have commenced
 that brilliant and eventful career which rendered me illus-
trious, and which now enables me to say, with Chateau-
briand, “I have made history”—“I'ai fait l’histoire."

I have indeed “ made history.” From the bright epoch
which I now record, my actions—my works—are the pro-
perty of mankind. They are familiar to the world. It is,
then, needless for me to detail how, soaring rapidly, I fell
 heir to the “ Lollipop”—how I merged this journal in the
 “ Hum-Drum”—how again I made purchase of the “ Row-
dy-Dow,” thus combining the three periodicals—how, lastly,
I effected a bargain for the sole remaining rival, and united
all the literature of the country in one magnificent Magazine,
known every where as the

“ Rowdy-Dow, Lollipop, Hum-Drum,
and

GOOSETHERUMFOODLE.”

Yes; I have made history. My fame is universal. It ex-
tends to the uttermost ends of the earth. You cannot take
 up a common newspaper in which you shall not see some al-
lusion to the immortal Thingum Bob. It is Mr. Thingum Bob
 said so, and Mr. Thingum Bob wrote this, and Mr. Thingum
Bob did that. But I am meek and expire with an humble
 heart. After all, what is it?—this indescribable something
 which men will persist in terming “ genius ?” I agree with
Buffon—with Hogarth—it is but diligence after all.

 Look at me !—how I labored—how I toiled—how I wrote !
 Ye Gods, did I not write ? I knew not the word “ ease.”
By day I adhered to my desk, and at night, a pale student, I
consumed the midnight oil. You should have seen me—
you should. I leaned to the right. I leaned to the left. I
sat forward. I sat backward. I sat upon end. I sat tete
baissee, (as they have it in the Kickapoo,) bowing my head

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

39

close to the alabaster page. And, through all, I—wrote.
Through joy and through sorrow, I—wrote. Through hung-
er and through thirst, I—wrote. Through good report and 
through ill report, I—wrote. Through sunshine and through 
moonshine, I—wrote. What I wrote it is unnecessary to 
say. The style !—that was the thing. I caught it from 
Fatquack—whizz!—fizz !—and I am giving you a specimen
of it now.	EDGAR A. POE.

Critical Notices.

A Chaunt of Life and other Poems, with Sketches & Essays.
By Rev. Ralph Hoyt. In Six Parts. Part II. New York: 
Le Roy and Hoyt.

The Publishers’ Advertisement to this beautiful volume in-
forms us that “ the first part was very kindly received by the 

reading public and the press, but a considerable number of
elegantly bound copies being destroyed by fire, the author
became embarrassed and unable to proceed”—until aided or
urged to do so, we presume, by the present publishers. It
would have been, indeed, a great pity to abandon an enter-
prise so flatteringly commenced. We shall look with inter-
est for the completion of the series.

Part II. contains the second Canto of a very fine poem,
“ The Chaunt of Life.” From the first stanza we quote the
three remarkably beautiful lines :

Slow droop the eyelids of the drowsy day;

All weary life and every heart oppressed,

In soothing slumber now may sink to rest.

The fourth and fifth stanzas are very noble:—

Give me to love my fellow, and in love,

If with none other grace to chaunt my strain,
Sweet key-note of soft; cadences above,

Sole star of solace in life's night of pain.

Chief gem of Eden, fractured in that fall

That ruined two fond hearts, and tarnished all!
Redeemer! be thy kindly spirit mine;

That pearl of Paradise to me restore,

Pure, fervent, fearless, lasting, love divine,
Profound as ocean, broad as sea and shore.
While Man I sing, free, subject, and supreme,

O!	for a soul, as ample as the theme !

Sad prelude I have sung, by Sorrow led

Along the mournful shades that own her sway,
Where, Ay a stream that weeping eyes have shed,
Low chaunted I my melancholy luy,

In pensive concord with the sootheless wail
Of sighing wanderers in that lonely vale.

Ah, chide not those whose wo seems hard to bear,
The heart must hover where its treasures sleep;
I saw the great, the wise, the gifted there.

With humbler multitudes compelled to weep;
No penury, no wealth commands relief!

No Serf, no Sovereign in the realms of grief!

We Italicise two passages, however, for their defects, and
not for their merits. We can conceive that a gem may be
“fractured in a fall” and even (imperfectly) that in so falling
it may “ruin two fond hearts”, but how it can “ tarnish all”
or anything, in so falling, does not appear. The stream of
tears is in shockingly bad taste. But the stately and pensive
thought and well-sustained modulation of the stanzas amply
redeem these demerits.

Mr. Hoyt is occasionally halting in his metre, although
rarely or ever in his rhythm. In stanza VIII. a foot is miss-
ng in the fifth line :

Rise ! with heroic strength be strong.

In stanza XII. there is a superfluous foot in the second line:

Ecbatana and Babylon and Tyre remote—
although the stanza as a whole is particularly sonorous and
Miltonic.

The poem entitled “Old” has so many rare and peculiar
excellences, that we shall venture to copy it in full. It will
forcibly remind our readers of Mr. Durand’s exquisite picture
“ An Old Man’s Recollections”—although between poem and
painting there is nothing more than a perfectly admissible
similarity. The quaintness is, in our opinion, to be defended
as a legitimate effect, conferring high pleasure upon a nume-
rous and cultivated class of minds. In his continuous and
absolutely uniform repetition of the first line in the last of
each stanza, he has by much exceeded the legitimate limits
of the quaint, and impinged upon the simply ludicrous. The
poem, nevertheless, abounds in lofty merit, and has, in espe-
cial, some exquisite passages of pathos and of imagination.
We Italicise some of these.

OLD.

By the way-side, on a mossy stone
Sat a hoary pilgrim sadly musing;

Oft I marked him sitting there alone,

All the landscape like a page perusing ;

Poor, unknown,

By the way-side, on a mossy stone.

Buckled knee and shoe, and broad-rimmed hat,
Coat as ancient as the form ’twas folding,

Silver buttons, queue, and crimped cravat,
Oaken staff, his feeble hand upholding,

There he sat !

Buckled knee and shoe, and broad-rimmed hat.

Seemed it pitiful he should sit there.

No one sympathizing, no one heeding,

None to love him for his thin grey hair,

And the furrows all so mutely pleading,

Age, and care;

Seemed it pitiful he should sit there.

It was summer, and we went to school.

Dapper country lads and little maidens,
Taught the motto of the “ Dunce’s Stool,’i
Its grave import still my fancy ladens,

“ Here’s a FOOL!’’

It was summer, and we went to school.

When the stranger seemed to mark our play,
(Some of us were joyous, some sad-hearted,
I remember well,—too well,—that day !)
Oftentimes the tears unbidden started,—
Would not stay !

When the stranger seemed to mark our play.

One sweet spirit broke the silent spell—

Ah!to me her name was always heaven
She besought him all his grief to tell,—

(I was then thirteen, and she eleven,)

Isabel!

One sweet spirit broke the silent spell.

Angel, said he sadly, I am old ;

Earthly hope no longer hath a morrow,

Yet why I sit here thou shall soon be told,
Then his eye betrayed a pearl of sorrow,—
Down it rolled !

Angel, said he sadly, I am old !

I have tottered here to look once more
On the pleasant scene where I delighted
In the careless, happy days of yore,

Ere the garden of my heart was blighted—
To the core!

I have tottered here to look once more !

40

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

All the picture now to me how dear!

E'en this gray old rock where I am seated,
Is a jewel worth a journey here;

Ah, that such a scene must be completed
With a tear!

All the picture now to me how dear!

Old stone School-House !—it is still the same !

There’s the very step so oft I mounted;
There’s the window creaking in its frame,
And the notches that I cut and counted
For the game;

Old stone School-House !—it is still the same !

In the cottage, yonder, I was born :

Long my happy home—that humble dwelling ;

There the fields of clover, wheat, and corn,

There the spring, with limpid nectar swelling ;

Ah, Forlorn!—

In the cottage, yonder, I was born.

Those two gate-way sycamores you see,

Then were planted, just so far asunder

That long well-pole from the path to free,

And the wagon to pass safely under-
Ninety-three

Those two gate-way sycamores you see ?

There’s the orchard where we used to climb
When my mates and I were boys together,

Thinking nothing of the flight of lime,

Fearing nought but work and rainy weather;
Past its prime!

There’s the orchard where we used to climb !

There, the rude, three-cornered chestnut rails,
Round the pasture where the flocks were grazing,

Where so sly, I used to watch for quails
In the crops of buckwheat we were raising,—
Traps and trails,—

There, the rude, three-cornered chesnut rails.

There’s the mill that ground our yellow grain ;
Pond, and river still serenely flowing ;

Cot, there nestling in the shaded lane,

Where the lily of my heart was blowing,—

Mary Jane !

There’s the mill that ground our yellow grain !

There’s the gate on which I used to swing,

Brook and bridge, and barn, and old red stable;

But alas ! the morn shall no more bring
That dear group around my father’s table ;

Taken wing !

There’s the gate on which I used to swing !

I am fleeing !—all I loved are fled;

Yon green meadow was our place for playing;

That old tree can tell of sweet things said,
When around it Jane and I were straying;—
She is dead !

I am fleeing!—all I loved are fled !

Yon white spire—a pencil on the sky.

Tracing silently life’s changeful story,

So familiar to my dim old eye,

Points me to seven that are now in glory
There on high

Yon white spire, a pencil on the sky !

Oft the aisle of that old church we trod,

Guided thither by an angel mother;

Now she sleeps beneath its sacred sod,—

Sire and sisters, and my little brother—

Gone to God !

Oft the aisle of that old church we trod !

There I heard of Wisdom’s pleasant ways,

Bless the holy lesson !—but, ah, never

Shall I hear again those songs of praise,

Those sweet voices,—silent now forever !
Peaceful days!

There I heard of Wisdom’s pleasant ways.

There my Mary blest me with her hand,
When our soul drank in the nuptial blessing,
Ere she hastened to the spirit-land;

Yonder turf her gentle bosom pressing :
Broken band!

There my Mary blest me with her hand.

I have come to see that grave once more,

And the sacred place where we delighted,
Where we worshipped in the days of yore,
Ere the garden of my heart was blighted
To the core !

I have come to see that grave once more.

Angel, said he, sadly, I am old !

Earthly hope no longer hath a morrow;

Now why I sit here thou hast been told;

In his eye another pearl of sorrow,—

Down it rolled !

Angel, said he, sadly, I am old !

By the wayside, on a mossy stone,

Sat the hoary pilgrim, sadly musing;

Still I marked him sitting there alone,

All the landscape, like a page perusing;

Poor, unknown,

By the way-side, on a mossy stone !

The stanza commencing “ Buckled knee and shoe,” &c.

 puts us somewhat too forcibly in mind of Oliver Wendell
Holmes’ “Old Man.” The exclamation “Ninety-Three!”
introduced, as it is, independently of the observations which
 surround it, must be regarded as one of the happiest instan-
ces either of refined art or of natural pathos.

“The stanza beginning “Yon white spire” cannot be too
 warmly commended.

“ New” is a pendant to “ Old,” but its artificiality of con-
struction is even more displeasingly apparent. We quote
one or two sweet passages :

Ah, June can only charm her eyes
With flowers of paradisial dyes
And azure skies.

This, however, should read, “ Ah, only June,” &c.

The glowing tranquil summertime;

The summertime;

Too listless in a maiden’s prime ;

Dull melancholy pantomime !

Oh for a gay autumnal clime !

Too listless in a maiden’s prime
The summertime.

Love nestles in that gentle breast—

That gentle breast.

Ah Love will never let it rest—

The cruel sly ungrateful guest
(A viper in a linnet’s nest)

Ah Love will never let it rest—

That gentle breast.'

“Boemus” is the concluding poem of the volume, and is
marked by the same peculiarities of metre—peculiarities,
however, which, in a composition such as this, must be con-
sidered out of place. We conclude our review with the quo-
tation of a very spirited stanza—a stanza which would do no
discredit to Campbell, and is much in his vein :

O’er all the silent sky
A dark and scowling frown;

But darker scowled each eye
When all resolved to die!

When (night of dread renown!)

Three thousand stars went down!

The Mysteries of Berlin. To be Completed in Ten Parts.

Part VII.
This is a very weak and absurd imitation, or rather exagger-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

41

ation of all the most reprehensible features of “The Myste-
ries of Paris.”

The Roman Pontiff, or a Sketch of the Lives of the Su-
preme Heads of the Roman Catholic Church. New York.
H. G. Daggers & Co..

   
A pamplet of great interest. Its title so fully explains its

design that we need say little about it. The work is well
translated from the French.

Two Letters on Slavery in the United Stales, addressed to
Thomas Clarkson, Esq. By J. H. Hammond. Columbia,
S. C. Allen McCarter & Co.

A nervously written pamphlet, the design of which is to
show that slavery is an inevitable condition of human so-
ciety.

ISR AFEL. *

In Heaven a spirit doth dwell
“ Whose heart-strings are a lute;"
None sing so wildly well
As the angel Israfel,

And the giddy stars (so legends tell)
Ceasing their hymns, attend the spell
Of his voice, all mute.

Tottering above,

In her highest noon,

The enamoured moon
Blushes with love,

While, to listen, the red levin
(With the rapid Pleiads, even,
Which were seven,)

Pauses in Heaven.

And they say (the starry choir
And the other listening things)

That Israfeli’s fire
Is owing to that lyre

By which he sits and sings—

The trembling living wire
Of those unusual strings.

But the skies that angel trod,

Where deep thoughts are a duty,
And Love’s a grown up God,

And the Houri glances are
Imbued with all the beauty
Which we worship in a star.

Thou art not, therefore, wrong,
Israfeli, who despisest
An unimpassioned song,

To thee the laurels belong,

Best bard, because the wisest!
Merrily live, and long!

The ecstasies above

With thy burning measures suit—
Thy grief, thy joy, thy hate, thy love,
With the fervor of thy lute—

Well may the stars be mute !

Yes, Heaven is thine ; but this
Is a world of sweets and sours;

Our flowers are merely—flowers,
And the shadow of thy perfect bliss
Is the sunshine of ours.

If I could dwell
Where Israfel

*And the angel Israfel, whose heart-strings are a lute, and who has the
weetest voice of all God’s creatures.—SALE's KORAN.

Hath dwelt, and he where I,
He might not sing so wildly well
A mortal melody,

While a bolder note than this might swell
From my lyre within the sky.

EDGAR A. POE.

Musical Department.

French Opera—Park Theatre.—The intense heat of the
weather has been sadly injurious to the success of the vari-
ous theatres, keeping away hundreds who would otherwise
have visited such places of amusement.

La Juive has been represented once, but we were unable
to attend. It was, however, we understand, very successful,
having been produced on a scale of the greatest magnificence.
Should it be again performed, we will describe it fully.

La Fille du Regiment was produced last week. If Doni-
zetti had never written any thing but La Fille du Regiment
and L’ E'isir d'Amore, his name would surely be preserved
for posterity. There are many beauties of high character in
all his serious operas, but he is never so thoroughly at home
as in the works of lighter character. Throughout both the
operas mentioned there is a continued flow of delicious me-
lody, varied and original in its character; the concerted pie-
ces also exhibit an unusual degree of excellence, and the in-
strumentation is of a higher order of merit, being more richly
and variously harmonized. La Fille du Regiment is truly
French. Donizetti has most happily imitated the peculiarity
of the school. It lacks however the quaintness of Auber,
and sometimes the Italian school intrudes, as in the lovely
romance, “ Il faut partir,” sung by Marie ; but as a whole it
is an admirable conception, worked out with masterly skill.

The cast was as follows :

Marie (La Fille du Regiment) . . . M’lle Calve.

Marchioness de Berkenfeldt .... M’me Mathieu.

Ten o, a Tyrolinn peasant........M. Buscher.

Sulpice, a sergeant..............M. Bernard.

Hortensius, a steward............M. Mathieu.

M'lle Calve personated La Fille most admirably. Her
manner was that of a pelted child of rude but chivalric men
—a happy mixture of playful boldness and shrinking maiden
modesty. In all that M'lle Calve does, she is a true woman
—whether as the playful coquette, teasing but tender, wil-
ful to commit a fault, but eager and earnest to sue for for-
giveness; or as the young girl, whose nature, full of the
stronger and deeper emotions, gratitude and affection for her
protectors, and love for one who loves her fondly in return ;
whether as the wild and light-hearted vivandiere, or as the
titled lady—Mile Calve is the true woman in all, faithful to
life in every phase of the character.

Of her singing we can truly say, that in the character of
Marie she exhibits more excellence than in any other cha-
racter she has appeared in. Her execution of “ Il faut par-
tir” was a beautiful exhibition of deep, tender, and regretful
feeling. " Chacun le sait” was admirable for its point and
finish, and the enthusiasm with which she gave “ Salut a la
France,” could only be equalled by the reception it met with
from the audience. She dressed the part with her usual
taste,—which is perfection. We hope to see her repeat this
character.

Madame Mathieu as the Marchioness Berkenfield, elicited
general approbation. Her acting and singing in the trio,
“ Le jour naissait,’’was not to be surpassed; while in the
graver portions of the character she was equally good. Her
second dress was in truth a most admirable costume.

M. Coeuriot, who was to have played Tonio, continuing

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

seriously indisposed, M. Buscher, at two days’ notice, had to
undertake the part. He acquitted himself very creditably, 
His voice is not quite equal to the music, although it is cer-
tain that he would have appeared to much greater advan-
tage had he been more familiar with the music.

M. Bernard, as the old Sergeant, is deserving of our warm- 
est commendation. Not for one moment did he forget the 
character of the Old Soldier. It was a true picture from the 
beginning to the end. The sternness of the old warrior, the
tender affection for La Fille, and the quiet quizzing of the
peculiarities of the antiquated Marchioness, each received at
his hands full justice. His singing was correctly and artisti-
cally rendered.

The acting of M. Mathieu as the Steward, was an exqui-
site piece of quiet humour.

The chorusses were well executed, although scarcely equal
to some former performances.

The Band displayed its usual excellence. In the finale to
the second act, however, where the short fugue passage oc-
curs, there was much obscurity among the stringed instru-
ments, but M. Prevost ably retrieved the error. We must
particularly compliment M. Ribas for his exquisite perform-
ance upon the “ Chor Anglaise” in Marie’s song, “ Il faut
partir”; also the first violoncellist for his obligato accompa-
niment in the second act.

Opening of the Organ for Trinity Church, New Ha-
ven.—We were present at Mr. Erben’s Factory, Centre-
street, on the occasion of the exhibition of an organ built for
the above church.

The following is a statement of the construction, &c., &c.

The organ is contained in a splendid gothic case of black
walnut. It has two complete sets of keys and two octaves of
pedals.

GREAT ORGAN.	13	Principal.

1 Open Diapason (metal pipes  	14 Hautboy,
throughout.)	15	Trumpet.

2	Stop Diapason.	16	Cornet.

3	Principal.		--

 4 Twelfth.	CHOIR BASS.

 5 Fifteenth.	17 Stop Diapason.

6	Cornet.	  18 	Principal.

7	Sesqualtra.		--

8	Trumpet.	19	Double Diapasons from CCC— 16

9 Flute.	j	foot—Two Octaves.

SWELL ORGAN.		COUPLING STOPS.

10 Open Diapason.	20 Gt. Organ and Swell.

11 Stop Diapason.	21 Gt. Organ and Pedals.

12 Dulciano.	22 Pedals and Choir Organ.

It will be seen by this statement that the organ, although
it is by no means a large instrument, possesses considerable 
power; indeed, for its size, it possesses extraordinary power. 
A coupling movement for the Great Organ and Swell, which 
goes as low as C below Fiddle G, gives great power to the
instrument and enriches the Great Organ exceedingly, when
used either full or in part. The pedals down to 16 foot C, are
very good, speaking almost immediately, and being equal
throughout.

The Reed Stops are admirable ; we must particularize the
exceeding beauty and delicacy of the Hautboy in the Swell,
and of the rough, full, and truly characteristic quality of the
trumpet in the same department, showing great improve-
ment in a few years in these particular stops. The Flute is
in the Great Organ, and is very mellow, soft and delicate. It
can be used as a solo stop with more convenience and better
effect than if it were in the Swell. Organ builders should
bear this in mind, and never put the Flute Stop in any other
than the Great Organ or Choir.

To the Diapasons generally we must award unqualified
praise; they are exceedingly heavy and rich. The Pedals
may be coupled either with the Great Organ or Swell, or both.

The omission of Composition Pedals is, however, much to be
regretted, as they so greatly facilitate the labor of the organ-
ist, in the rapid change of stops necessary to produce striking
effects.

Shortly after we went in, Mr. W. A. King, Organist of St.
Peter’s Church, sat down to the organ. Mr. King is acknow-
ledged to be the most eminently capable man of all men in
the country, to show off an organ, of whatever size, to the
greatest advantage. As an extemporaneous player, we have
not met his equal on this continent; his fancy is brilliant,
—his thoughts of beauty succeed each other in rapid succes-
sion ; he handles his subject with much clearness; these
qualifications, combined with his perfect knowledge of the
various and beautiful combinations, and his complete mastery
over the King of Instruments, have gained for him his high
and well-earned reputation. His performance on this occa-
sion was extemporaneous; in it he introduced several beauti-
ful airs from Robert Le Diable. So masterly was his perfor-
mance—so various and so orchestral was his treatment of his
themes, that he kept a very miscellaneous audience rapt and
silent for something more than half an hour—the hightest tri-
bute that could be paid to his genius.

Altogether, we were much delighted with the exhibition,
and we consider that the congregation of Trinity Church, N.
H., cannot fail to be truly gratified with their purchase.

Musical Review. — Oh! Say Not; Sing a Careless Lay.
Composed and dedicated to the author of the words,
Miss Justine Bayard, by Herman S. Saroni. Thou
Art Welcome, Dearest Sister. The words by Jonas B.
Phillips. The music composed and dedicated to his friend,
Eugene Plunkett, by Herman S. Saroni. The Heart's
Despair. Words by Jonas B. Phillips. The music com-
posed and respectfully dedicated to Miss Frances P. Wood
by Herman S. Saroni.

All the above pieces are published by John F. Nunn, 240
Broadway.

The first song is in E minor, common time. It is construct-
ed upon the simplest form of English ballads. The first eight
bars are in E minor ; it then changes for a brief period into C
minor, returning again to the original key. The melody is
exceedingly plaintive and expressive, and, although the
closes are somewhat hackneyed and common-place, yet the
accompaniments are so full and so judiciously used they re-
deem and dignify the character of the song. A false relation
occurs in the twelfth bar of each verse, where the right hand
accompaniment and the voice descend in seconds, making a
most inharmonious effect. A false accent is also given in
the third verse to the word ‘joyously.’ The accent falls with
a minim note upon the penultimate syllabic. This should
always be avoided in order to preserve the integrity of the
pronunciation. The poetry is pretty and full of sentiment,
and is modelled after the style which Haynes Bayley render-
ed so popular.

It is got out in excellent style.

The second song is by far the most melodious composition
we have seen from Mr. Saroni's pen. It is truly a gushing
forth of feeling and sensibility. A right hearty “Welcome
to his Sister" was evidently the feeling nearest to his heart,
and he has expressed it with singular fidelity. We recom-
mend this song most earnestly to our musical friends. The
poetry by Mr. J. B. Phillips is smooth and agreeable, and ex-
presses a warm and amiable sensibility. The third song is
in C minor, 3-4 time. Its character is mournful to a painful
degree. The principal subject is to be found in the symphony,
and is given to the left hand. It is well carried out through

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

43

the song, and imparts to it a sad and reflective lone, which
forcibly impresses the hearer. This song has not the stamp
of genuineness so strongly marked as the second under
notice, but it is a good song.

All these songs are got out in admirable style by J. F.
Nunns, 240 Broadway. Our musical friends would do well
to look them through.

The Drama.

At Niblo's, Mrs. Mowatt is still delighting large, fashion-
able, and very intellectual audiences, who testify their sym-
pathy with the woman, not less than their approbation of the
actress, by the most profound and respectful attention.

Last week we had seen the fair debutante only in Pauline,
but we have since been charmed with her delineations of Juli-
ana, in “The Honeymoon,” and Lucy Ashton, in “ The Bride
of Lammermoor.” The former of these plays has very little
to recommend it—especially to Mrs. Mowatt. Its leading
incident is grossly absurd. A duke (Aranza,) wedding, in his
character of duke, a haughty gentlewoman (Juliana) makes
her believe, after marriage, that he is not only a peasant, but
more entirely brutal and disgusting than peasant ever yet
was. He maltreats her in almost every way—sneers at her—
insists upon her standing up in his presence and attending his
friends in the capacity of a slave—locks her up in her cham-
ber—refuses her communication with her parents—does every
thing in short but strike her—and makes his brutality only
the more odious by putting on, at one point, the airs of a man
of honor—drawing down the rapturous approbation of the
audience by certain rhodomontade to the effect that

“ Whoever lays his hand upon a woman,

Save in the way of kindness, is a villain
Whom’t were base flattery to call a coward.”

—as if the severest personal chastisement he could have in-
flicted would not have been less cowardly than his other
bestial affronts to her dignity and honor. But all this would
be nothing, if we were not required to believe that, by such
conduct, the duke finally subdues the haughty temper of his
wife, and actually secures her most passionate love! These
things are so grossly unnatural as to destroy all the verisimi-
litude of the play—and the total irrelevancy of the under-plots
confirm the difficulty and strengthen the disgust. “ The
Honeymoon,” in short, is a wretched affair, which has been
unluckily saved to the stage (for its sins) by a number of spark-
ling points well adapted to tell with audiences too ill-culti-
vated to estimate merit otherwise than in detail—and especi-
ally by a quality which, so far from saving it, should have
secured its instant condemnation—we mean its palpable pla-
giarism of all the worst demerits of “The Taming of the
Shrew.”

In Juliana—because Juliana is a role altogether out of na-
ture—we did not expect Mrs. Mowatt to do much—for not
much is there for any one to do. So far as a gracefully dash-
ing demeanour goes, she nevertheless accomplished some-
thing—and

Oh what a deal of scorn looks beautiful
In the contempt and anger of her lip !

We were delighted, however, to find her announced as
Lucy in “ The Bride of Lammermoor,” for our remembran-
ces of this opera were connected only with the music of Bel-
lini and the glowing romance of Scott. If, in all the litera-
ture of fiction, there is a character for which Mrs. Mowatt is
peculiarly adapted, it is the Lucy Ashton of the original
“Bride of Lammermoor.” If the authoress of “Fashion”
knew her own strength, she would confine herself, nearly al- 

together, to the depicting in letters, as well as on the stage,
the more gentle sentiments and the most profound passions.
Her sympathy with the latter is evidently intense. In the ut-
terance of the truly generous—of the really noble—of the un-
affectedly passionate—we see her bosom heave—her cheek
grow pale—her limbs tremble—her chiselled lip quiver—and
Nature's own tear rush impetuously to the eye. Now it is
this freshness of the heart which will provide for her the
greenest laurels. It is this enthusiasm—this well of deep
feeling—which should be made to prove to her an exhaustless
source of fame ! As actress, it is to her a mine of wealth—
worth all the dawdling instructions in the world. Mrs.
Mowatt, as she now stands, is quite as able to give lessons in
stage routine to any actor or actress in America, as is any
actor or actress to give lessons to her. Let her throw all
support to the winds—trust proudly to her own grace of man-
ner—her own sense of art—her own rich and natural elocu-
tion—and let her be assured that these qualities, as she now
possesses them, are all sufficient, when considered simply as
the means by which the great end of natural acting is to be
consummated—as the mere instruments by which she may
effectively and unimpededly lay bare to the audience the
movements of her own passionate heart.

Feeling this—being well assured, from first seeing Mrs.
Mowatt as Pauline, that her forte lay in the depicting of
passion, we were anxious to see her in Juliet (a part which
will yet render her immortal) and were delighted when we
saw her announced for Lucy Ashton. But alas ! it was
 Scott’s Lucy and not the Opera Lucy of which we dreamed.
The play, as we saw it on Tuesday, is miserably ineffective
—and the remembrance of that most passionate and roman-
tic of novels, will intrude itself to render the defects of the
dramatization more palpable. We even fancied that we
 could perceive the depressing influence of this remembrance
in the countenance of Mrs. Mowatt. With a bosom full of
emotion, she seemed to suffer from the total insufficiency of
the words of the dramatist, to give utterance to her thought.
But what was to be done was done to admiration. The
actress lost no opportunity. The appeal to the mother was
very noble acting. The signing of the contract, and the wild
shriek at the sudden entrance of Edgar, would have done
honor to any one. The apathetic and mute despair at the
conclusion of the play, and during the interview with Ravens-
wood in the mother’s presence—the dumb uncomprehending
wretchedness—the half-conscious rendering up of the broken
gold—the laboring anxiety for the relief of words—the final
maddening confession, heart-breaking, and death in the
lover’s arms—were the teachings not of Mr. Crisp, but of
Nature herself—speaking in tones that could not be misun-
derstood. The audience grew pale, and were betrayed into
silence and tears—and if any one went away sneering that
night, it is at least quite certain that he felt ashamed of the
sneer.

The Fine Arts.

Joseph Bonaparte's Collection of Paintings.—It will
doubtless prove a source of high gratification to all who feel
interested in the Fine Arts, that the valuable paintings which
Joseph Bonapate collected together at Bordentown, will not
be transmitted to England for sale, but will be sold at Borden-
town on the 17th and 13th of September next. Such a col-
lection should not be divided. It should form the nucleus of
a great gallery.

If the wealthy and ardent admirers of the Fine Arts in

44

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

New York, would but take the matter in hand, how easy it
would he, by subscription, to purchase the entire collection
for New York.

Why should not Mr. Astor give to our city this collection ?
It would be a gift to posterity, and would make his name his-
torical with the progress of the Fine Arts in this country.

Catalogues, which will be sent to the numerous institutions
through the whole range of the country, are now in prepara-
tion.

The New York Herald vs. The National Academy of
Fine Arts.—While defending the National Academy against
the ill-judged remarks, false accusations, and grossly ignor-
ant misstatements which appeared in the Herald a short
time since, we wish it to be distinctly understood that we
are no partisans of the Academy or its supporters. What
we have done is simply an act of common justice to the Aca-
demy ; at the same time it is an act of duty imperative on us
to endeavor to disabuse the public mind of any false impres-
sions which the article in the Herald was calculated to con-
vey.

The following quotations from the Herald will clearly
prove the utter ignorance of the writer in question, of all that
appertains to the National Academy, its constitution, and
the intention of its establishment.

National Academy of Design.—This institution has now closed its
exhibition for the season, and one or two remarks in review may be
made with propriety. One of these applies to the character of the
works, and on this topic we have to say, that little improvement has
been observable in the pictures over those of former seasons. This
stationary state of the exhibition is a matter of regret, and totally at
variance with the specific end and object of the association, which are
by introducing to public notice, and awards of premiums to excellence,
to develop latent talent, encourage genius, and foster a true taste. To
accomplish this, no person who reads the discourses of Sir Joshua
Reynolds, and other standard writings on the Fine Arts, can overlook
the essential importance of high models to the education of the artist.
This admitted, the inference is obvious, that for the improvement of
students at least, a few works of a high order of excellence would be
of infinitely more service than the most extensive accumulations of
mediocre or worthless pictures, such as compose the major part of
those displayed every season by the Academy of Design.

To the first remark we would simply reply that the rooms
of the Academy were open as usual for the works of every
artist, but if the artists will not improve from year to year,
surely the Council of the Academy is not to be blamed. In
the next place, the object of the institution is not to award
premiums, but simply to instruct young students, and to offer
them when sufficiently advanced, and other artists, a medium
through which their works may be presented to the public.
The Academy offers no premium to the exhibitor. The
exhibition is composed of the works of artists and not of pu-
pils. When an artist ceases to be a pupil, he ceases to ac-
knowledge the competency if any tribunal to judge of his
works short of that of public opinion. To the award of that
tribunal he cheerfully submits, and the prize he contends for
is Fame.

The introduction of Sir Joshua Reynolds’ name would
have much weight, did the opinions quoted from him bear
any relation to the subject in question. The accumulation
of valuable pictures is the province of the directors of a
National Gallery, which gallery should be opened, as in
England, France, &c. certain days in the week, for the study
of the pupils of the National Academy.

"Another fault attributable to it is the mode of its management,
which we are sorry to say does not betray liberality, or solicitude for
the character of the body. Cliques are bad enough, and detestable
under any circumstances; but to allow their influence over an institu-
tion avowedly dedicated to one or more of the Fine Arts, smells of
sacrilege. What do the “ Council” then say to the charge against the
composition of the body—that it is made up of a coterie of painters, to
the exclusion of those who are not—that they practise a system of fa-

voritism, giving prominence often to wretched daubs, because the au-
thors have influence with them, and consigning to neglect works of
merit or of promise, for reasons best known to themselves, and the
sufferers from their partiality.”

What defence can we make to the terrible charge that
“artists,” and only artists, presume to manage an institution
devoted to instruction in the arts? We will merely inquire
 if persons ignorant of music are more competent to teach
 than musicians ?—if one who never read a law book is more
 capable to defend a cause than a practised lawyer? When
 these questions are answered in the affirmative universally,
 this charge will have some weight, but until then we trust
 that every professional association will be managed by pro-
fessional men.

The charge of unfairness in the conduct of the hanging
committee, scarcely needs a reply. Their task is a most dif-
ficult and a most unthankful one. That they are accused of
unfairness is not to us a matter of surprise—had they not
been so accused would indeed have been surprising, for what
artist that ever exhibited but believed his works (however
wretched) deserving of the very best place upon the walls.
This charge is too frivolous to require further comment.

“ Once more, wo reproach the Council of the Academy of Design
With giving a sordid and gravelling character to their policy. They
do not seem to be aware that money making is not the object of the
institution, or are ignorant of the truth that the gain of pence and the
acquisition of taste and artistical skill, have no connection with—no
affinity for each other. Making money is not the end to be sought in
these exhibitions, and yet there is good ground for binning the mana-
gers for a departure from this truth. Instead of concocting narrow
plans for gain, it is the office of the managers to disburse all the funds
they are able in patronising and encouraging merit without favor or
partiality ; and one mode of doing so would be the establishment of a
Drawing School, which has been too long neglected. We want to see
this Academy of Design with an “odor of nationality about it,” and
to have that it must not be narrow, sordid, or illiberal, but comprehen-
sive in its objects, simple in its operations, and elevated in its motives
 —then it will be what it professes to be, an American Academy of
Design.”

To this last charge of “ sordid and grovelling policy” we
have only to oppose facts. Not one single cent of the money
received from the public exhibition has ever been appropria-
ted to the personal uses of the members of the Academy.
The whole of such proceeds has been expended in sustaining
 the institution, as the reports will triumphantly show.

The last two sentences of the Herald’s sagacious article
cap the climax of the writer’s incredible ignorance, and
shameless assurance. Has the man been sleeping for the
last twenty years? or were his statements merely wilful and
malicious slanders, penned with the intention to prejudice
 the public against the National Academy? We are com-
pelled to believe the latter suggestion, arguing from the illib-
eral tone of the article throughout. This person actually
 asks the Council of the National Academy why they do not
establish a drawing academy ? Why, such a school has been
in existence for the last twenty years! It was established
by and supported always from the funds of the Academy.

 It is open several months in the winter season for students—
free of expense. Some of the finest casts, from the antique,
in the world, are at the service of the students. In fact the
number of classical models in the school is very great. Be-
sides statuary the student has the advantage of drawing
from the life figure; to procure which is a heavy tax upon
the funds of the society. These advantages are freely of-
fered, gratuitously, to young persons desirous of studying the
art, and the number of pupils to this school, collected from
all parts of the country, has been sixty and upwards every
year. Does this smack of “sordid and grovelling policy"?
Is this the conduct of narrow-minded or illiberal men? If
they desired to keep the entire public patronage, why should
they voluntarily instruct so large a number of young men,

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

45

some of whom might naturally be expected to deprive them
of some portion of that patronage, when they might if they
choose appropriate that money to themselves, which is now
as it were the means of existence and fume to hundreds.

The Academy has its faults, but there is so much that is
excellent in it that we have thought it proper to put the pub-
lic in possession of the facts. In our future numbers we
shall make the public acquainted with the history of this so-
ciety and the benefits it has conferred upon the artist in this
country.

SONNET.——SILENCE.

There are some qualities—some incorporate things,
That have a double life, which thus is made
A type of that twin entity which springs

From matter and light, evinced in solid and shade.
There is a two-fold Silence—sea and shore—

Body and soul. One dwells in lonely places,
Newly with grass o’ergrown ; some solemn graces,
Some human memories and tearful lure,

Render him terrorless : his name's “ No More.”

He is the corporate Silence: dread him not!

No power hath he of evil in himself;

But should some urgent fate (untimely lot!)

Bring thee to meet his shadow (nameless elf,

That haunteth the lone regions where hath trod
No foot of man,) commend thyself to God !

P.

Prison Association.

First Report of the Female Department of the Prison Asso-
ciation of New York.

The object of this most praiseworthy attempt is to give
the convict a fair chance for re-commencing life, on equal
terms with those amongst whom he finds him or herself, when
released from confinement. The idea is one capable of the
best results, if fairly carried out; which we feel assured it
will be, when intrusted to such hands as it appears naturally
to have fallen into. No public reform appears to us so loud-
ly to be called for, or with so much justice, as that which
would ameliorate the condition of the prisoners in or cut of
jail: and, perhaps, from the existing state of things, it is
even more incumbent upon society to help him from getting
into prison, than in the first instance even to send him there.
When we consider the stigma attached to the fact of ever
having been confined in a prison, (whether justly or unjustly) ;
that it too often casts a blight upon a man’s character and
prospects, from which he rarely recovers: and then only-
from admirable resolution, patience, and a most uncommon
force of mind and character: it is a most solemn prompting
of the conscience that commands us to treat the victim of
folly, of ignorance, or of crime, with at least the same toler-
ant spirit, the same equal justice which we ourselves would
hope for, in the same situation.

The fact really is, that very many are obliged to ‘commit’
themselves, or perish by the bleak freezing of neglect;’ that
to obtain a shelter and food to sustain life, they must e’en
return to the hated jail.

That a small number, like Mr. Rathbun of Buffalo, whom
we have ever admired for his enterprise and public spirit:
whom we have thought a much more eminent man than
many of his fellow speculators and tempters to doubtful
schemes of profit; whose offence considered not as a selfish
crime, but as springing from a desire to advance the public
interests, and to interweave his name (a laudable ambition)
with his favorite town, we might almost pardon as venial,
were not justice the most exacting of all virtues—that not a

few like him, by dint of energy, the salient spring of self-confi-
dence, and great activity of mind, can occasionally recover
lost ground, perhaps become better and alter many thereby,
is no argument against a society like the present, whose aim
is to help the vast majority, who are not able to help them-
 selves.

The report is clearly and skilfully drawn up, in an admi,
rable spirit of humanity, and with an eye to impartial justice,
and a wise economy, at the same time. We have been re-
quested to make the following statement:

“ The Female Department of the New York Association,
being about to establish a Home for the temporary reception
of such discharged convicts as may appear willing to reform,
earnestly solicit immediate aid from all those interested in
this attempt, in the form of money, clothing, household fur-
 niture, fuel, books, or goods of any description,—in short
everything; that can be used in a large and destitute family.

Caroline M. Kirkland, Cor. Sec'y.”

Mr. Willis.—Nothig for a long time has given us so
true a pleasure as to learn that this distinguished gentleman
has entirely recovered his health. He is now busily at work
—and has commenced his anxiously expected Letters for

The Mirror”—four of them having been already received.
Among all our men of literature there is not one whose laur-
els have been more nobly earned than have been those of
Mr. Willis. The country has a right to be proud of him—
and is.

It is extraordinary, says Mr. W. in one of his late letters,
how little the English change ! Regent-street, after four or
five years, is exactly what Regent-street was. The men
have the same light cravats, coats too small, overbrushed
whiskers, and look of being excessively washed. The car-
riages and horses exactly the same. The cheap shops have
the same placard of “ Selling Off” in their broad windows.
The blind beggars tell the same story, and are led by the
same dogs: but what is stranger than all this sameness is,
that the ladies look the same ! The fashions have perhaps
changed—in the milliner’s shops! But the Englishing that
is done to French bonnets after they are bought, or the En
glish way in which they are worn, overpowers the novelty,
and gives the fair occupants of the splendid carriages of Lon-
don the very same look they had ten years ago.

Still, there are some slight differences observable in the
street, and among others, I observe that the economical pri-
vate carriage called a “ Brougham,” is very common. These
are low cabs, holding two or four persons, with a driver, and
perhaps a footman in livery on the outside seat, and one
horse seems to do the work as well as two. This fashion
would be well introduced into New York—that is so say, if
our city is ever to be well enough paved to make a drive any
thing but a dire necessity. The paving of London is really
most admirable. Vast city as it is, the streets are as smooth
as a floor all over it, and to ride is indeed a luxury. The
breack-neck, hat-jamming and dislocating jolts of Broadway
must seem to English judgment an inexcusable stain on our
public spirit. And, Apropos of paving—the wooden pave-
ment seems to be entirely out of favor. Regent street is laid
in wooden blocks, and in wet weather (and it rains here some
part of every day,) it is so slippery that an omnibus which
has been stopped in going up the street is with difficulty start-
ed again. The horses almost always come to their knees,
thongh the ascent is very slight, and the falls of cart and car-
riage-horses are occurring continually. Nothing seems to

"do" like the McAdam pavement, and wherever you find it
in London, you find it in as perfect order as the floor of

46

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

bowling-alley. I see that all heavy vehicles, (by the way)
are compelled to have very broad wheels, and they rather
improve the road than spoil it. A law to the same effect
should be passed in New York, if it ever has a pavement
worth preserving.

We are requested to call the attention of our readers to the
advertisement of Messrs. J. B. Carey, &c., Manufacturers of
Ornamental Show Cards, 34 Beekman st.

These cards are adapted to all kinds of business. We
have seen some beautiful specimens at their rooms, display-
ing much taste in the getting up, and were assured that they
have already found their way into most of the large cities in
the United States. Those about to purchase we would ad-
vise to call as above and examine the styles.

Items—Literary or Scientific.

Miss Cushman is daily growing in favor with the Cockneys. To
exhibit her lately in light comedy, the “ School for Scandal" has
been produced.

While Hackett was playing at the Haymarket recently in Mon-
sieur Mallet, a cross of the Chevalier of the Legion of Honor fell
from his breast, when Prince Albert, who was in the house at the
time, accompanying the Queen, sent his private Secretary, Mr. An-
son, with an elegant breastpin, which he had been wearing at the
time, as a present to the American actor.

The Rev. Mr. Barham, author of the well known Ingoldsby Le-
gends, died last week at his residence, Amen corner, St. Paul’s,
London.

The French Operatic Company from Brussels, at Covent Gar-
den Theatre, has been very successful.

The idlers of Paris are flocking in numbers to gaze upon the
open circus, called the Hippodrome, and modelled after the Roman
Coliseum, which is fast advancing to its conclusion in the neighbor-
hood of the Etoile. Stakes driven into its vast arena already mark
out the path of the antique chariots which are to revive the Olympic
contests. A hundred horses have been purchased for the service
of the establishment.

An English ship, the Victory, which has just arrived from the
Mediterranean, states that on the 18th ult., in lat. 36 40 86, and
Ion. 13 44 36, immense balls of fire were seen to issue from the

sea.

Mr. William John O’Connell recently obtained a verdict, in the
Court of Common Pleas, London, and £50 damages, against the
proprietors of the Morning Post, for a libel.

“ Eugene Sue,” says Tate’s Magazine, “ runs a fair chance of be-
ing better known, and certainly better appreciated throughout the
British Dominions, than Sir Walter Scott.” “ The Mysteries” are
the confessions of Vidocq, and something worse, turned into a ro-
mance, strong, filthy, and full-flavored. Mankind is there repre-
sented, not in his glory, but in utterly incredible debasement. It is
so interesting to trace and gloat upon our intimate connection with
the brutes! Faugh? can we endure such infamy, and yet pretend
that our hearts are clean ?

There is every reason to believe that the Irish Collegiate Bill
will prove a failure in the working. The Irish Members, headed
by O’Connell, who have come over to Parliment in connexion with
the measure, have not succeeded in persuading the Government to
accede to the requirements of the Irish Catholic Bishops.

The new comet was first seen in the south of Europe, by the offi-
cers of the middle-watch of her Majesty’s steamer Volcano, on its
voyage from Malta and Marseilles.

The Napoleon Museum in London has been lately sold. Most
of the articles connected with the personal and historical associations
of the extraordinary man they commemorated have been sold for
almost nothing.

The project to throw a high tube composed of sheet iron, across
the Menai Straits, for the transmit of a railway, has been abandon-
ed ; owing, doubtless, to the probable disastrous effect of a gale of
wind pressing upon such an extent of surface as so large a tube
would necessarily present. It is in contemplation, to erect in its
stead two bridges of solid construction, both of them uniting on the

Britannia Rock, and to throw out two piers from each side of the
Straits.

The fund for erecting a marble monument to the memory of Rob-
ert Southey, Esq., the late poet Laureate, in Crossthwaite church,
Keswick, is progressing in such a manner as to afford the utmost
satisfaction to those exerting themselves in the undertaking.

Mr. Charles Green, the aeronaut, made his-three hundredth as-
cent in his large balloon, from the ground of the Albert saloon, at
Hoxton.

A steamer, to be called the ‘ Lady of the Lake,’ has been launch-
ed on the Windermere. This is said to be the first steamer on any
English or Irish lake.

Madame Laret recently ascended in the balloon from Avignon.
The balloon dropped into the Rhone, and but for the exertions of a
young man, who jumped into the river to her rescue, she would
have been drowned.

Mr. Everett, the American Minister, has been delivering an Ad-
dress before the British Agricultural Association at Cambridge.

Punch complains that some one of the English Magazines has
stolen (from Hood’s) a story called “ The Red Herring” or some-
thing of that kind, and details the incidents. We read the whole
matter years ago in the original French.

A work called “The European Diplomatists,” by Capefigne, the
second volume of which has just appeared, is mueh read and relish.
ed. Sir Robert Peel is severely dealt with by the author; but the
best portraits are of Mole, Guizot, and Broglie. It is a work to be
recommended to all English statesmen. The tragedy of ‘ Lucrece,’
which was refused at the Theatre Francais, has produced the author
60,000 francs.

“ Poets, painters, feuilletonistes, and all our men and women
of rank,” says the Paris correspondent of the New-York Mirror,
“ are retiring to their ‘ Sabine fields,’ while the bar and the
bench are on the wing for Baden, Hambourg, Spa, and Vichy. M.
Cunou-Gridune is expected at the latter place, and M. Guizot has
retained his apartments for the month of July. A small revolution
has been consummated in the musical department of the bath.
Young Musard has been dethroned, and his sceptre passed to the
hands of an obscure pretender, M. Strauss, not he of Vienna, but a
very clever Strauss for all that. The literary men of distinction
have their Tusculums, like the great letter writers of Rome—with-
out adverting to the three castles of M. Scribe, or of the magnificent
property of Mr. Vanderburch—purchased with only half the “ au-
thor’s rights” of a single farce, “The Gamin du Paris"—Soulie has
a delicious villa at Bievre, and Jules Janin an architectural gem at
Passy. I may cite many other retreats, where the imagination and
the fancy may inhale, with the fresh breezes of nature and spring,
poetical inspirations. Alexander Dumas is installed in the pret-
tiest and greenest spot of the terrace of St. Germain, in a delicious
cottage, formed of two purlieus, which overlook the brightest
scenes: the eye wanders over the immense panorama of the woods
of Vesmay and Charenton—admires the sides of Marli—and follows
the “ sinuous Seine," winding its slow way through “alleys green.”

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

47

To the Author of the “ Lines on the Grecian Flute.” 
We fear that we have mislaid the poem.

Index to our first Volume.—We did not purpose to pub-
lish an Index to our first volume, but by the numerous re-
quests for one, we have been induced to change our mind.
We shall accordingly forward a complete Index to our
subscribers in the next number of the Journal.

THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published monthly, at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since

	1835, has a large subscription list, and is the principal organ of 
Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the “ Broad-
way Journal,” 135 Nassau streeet.

A. G. BAGLEY’S

CELEBRATED IMPROVED EVER-POINTED
GOLD PEN.

THIS PEN RECEIVED THE HIGHEST PRE-

mium at the last Fair of the American Institute, and has been pro-
nounced by the First Teachers of Penmanship in the country, to be
infinitely superior to any Gold Pen ever before introduced to the Ame-
rican public. The lasting properties of this Pen are undoubted, owing
to the total absence of corrosibility from any of the inks in use; and the
peculiar shape of the nibs—which was first introduced by Bagley—
makes it more pleasant to use, renders it less liable to damage, more
easy to repair, and prevents the necessity of the great care that other
articles of the kind require.

MANUFACTORY, 189 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.
_______________________________________________________Jy 26

J. B. CARY &. CO.,

ARTISTS,

MANUFACTURERS OF ORNAMENTAL SHOW

 CARDS adapted for Utility, as well Adornment, for stores in all
kinds of business. Specimens may be seen in the leading stores of the
principal cities of the Union.

Agents for Boston: Messrs. Sowle & Shaw. Mr. J. L. Lazarus is
now visiting the Eastern States, all orders received by him will meet
with prompt attention. 34 Beekman-Strcet, (late 323 Broadway.)

Observe ! Our names are printed at the foot of each card, and
we caution the public that imitators are in the field.	Jy 26

PLEASANT SUMMER READING.

FOR TRAVELLERS AND OTHERS.

 1. Eothen ; or Traces of Travel in the East..................50

“ The picked book of the season.”

2	Mary Schweidler, The Amber Witch.........................37

" A beautiful and pure fiction.”

3	Undine and Sintram. By Fouque............................50

" The rarest essence of romantic genius.”

4	Imagination and Fancy. By Leigh Hunt. . .................50

“ A delicate volume of illustrative criticism.”

5	The diary of Lady Willoughby.............................25

" Though a fiction, of profound religious interest.”

6	Hazlitt’s Table Talk, on Men, Things, &c. 2 parts. ...	 75

" Most brilliant papers of a sparkling writer.”

7	Headlong Hall and Nightmare Abeby........................38

" Lively and piquant satirical sketches.”

8	The French in Algiers....................................37

“ Full of stirring incident and anecdote.”

9	Ancient Moral tales from the Gesta Rom...................38

“ The stories are very beautiful and moral.”

10	Crescent and the Cross. Dy E. Warburton, 2 parts. . .	1 00

" A truly delightful work from first to last.”

11	The Age of Elizabeth. By W. Hazlitt......................50

" Full of originality and genius.”

12	Journal of an African Cruiser............................50

" Quite a refreshing and delightful work.”

13	Tales. By Edgar A. Poe...................................50

" Characteristic tales of thrilling interest.”

14	Letters from Italy. By J. T. Headley. ,..................50

" The best book of travels ever published here.”

Published and for sale by

Jy 26	WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

PIANO FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

(formerly Conductor to Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway,
will keep a complete assortment of the largest approved Grand Action
Piano Fortes, of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to
guarantee for their excellence of Tone Touch, and External Finish,
and to endure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard
prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on hire.

INTERESTING WORKS

JUST PUBLISHED BY

HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW-YORK.

THE NEW REFORMATION.

Now ready, with curious Illustrative Plate, price 25 cents, or Muslin,
37 1-2 cents.

JOHN RONGE,

THE HOLY COAT OF TREVES,

AND THE NEW GER. CATHOLIC CHURCH.

Including authentic details of the events connected with the recent
exhibition of the pretended " Coat of our Lord ” in the Cathedral of
Treves, during the months of August and September, 1844 : compris-
ing the letters and protestations of the author against the imposition
and superstitions of the Roman Catholic priests, &c.

This publication is exceedingly opportune; it will be perused with
deep interest by the Protestant community at large.—Commercial Ad-
vertiser.

The noble protest of Ronge has been circulated in Germany, not by
thousands, but by millions of copies ; and it has been hailed with loud
applause by all classes, because it expeesses a public sentiment, and
finds a response in all hearts.—New York Observer.

PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES.

In one volume, 12mo.. beautifully printed, price 75 cts.

A PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES,

THROUGH THE VALLEY OF THE MEUSE, AND THE FOREST OF
ARDENNES.

BY CHARLES EDWARD ANTHON, Esq.

This is the production of a young American, who had the rare for-
tune to be present at the most marvellous occurrence of the I9th cen-
tury—the exhibition of the Holy Robe. In addition to a very graphic
description of this extraordinary event, which, from the excitement it
has created, seems destined to be an era in the Christian Church, this
unpretending volume is replete with antiquarian lore, relating to the
city of Charlemagne, from which the “ Pilgrimage ” commences—
the intermediate historic and poetic ground; and of the once renowned
city of Treves, with which it closes. It is the work of a scholar, and
cannot fail to enlist a profound interest. —Oswego Advertiser.

MR. PRESCOTT’S HISTORICAL WORKS.

In 3 volumes 8vo, beautifully printed and accompanied with fine En-
gravings.

HISTORY OF

THE CONQUEST OF MEXICO.

WITH A LIFE OF THE CONQUERER, HERNANDO CORTES,
AND A VIEW OF ANCIENT MEXICAN CIVILIZATION.

BY WILLIAM H. PRESCOTT, Esq.

Mr. Prescott appears to possess almost every qualification for his
task; he has a pure, simple, and eloquent style—a keen relish for the
picturesque—a quick and discerning judgment of character, and a calm,
generous and enlightened spirit of philanthropy, There is no exag-
geration in stating that his "Conquest of Mexico” contains most of the
valuable qualities which distinguish the most popular historical writers
in our language of the present day. It unites the chivalrous but truth-
ful enthusiasm of Col. Napier, and the vivacity of the accomplished
author of the “ Siege of Granada,” with the patient and ample research
of Mr. Tytler.—Edinburgh Review, May, 1845.

In 3 volumes 8vo, uniform with the above, with Portraits and Maps.

HISTORY OF THE

REIGN OF FERDINAND AND ISBAELLA,
THE CATHOLIC.

BY WILLIAM II. PRESCOTT, Esq.

The Tenth Edition.

It would be altogether supererogatory to make this celebrated work
the subject of critical analysis, since it has so long been distinguished
by the concurrent and enthusiastic applause of the whole reading com-
munity. We know of scarcely any other work so amusing, instruc-
tive, and powerfully attractive as the " History of Ferdinand and Isa-
bella it possesses every charm which elegance of diction, graceful-
ness of style, and interest of subject can impart. In a word, it is such
a production as could only have emanated from a mind richly stored
with the wealth of sound learning, genius, and the felicitous art of its
application.—N. Y. Review.

PIANO FORTES. —A. H. GALE & CO.s Ware-

 Rooms, No. 289 Broadway — Manufactory Third Avenue, corner
of 13th Street.

Purchasers are invited to call and examine their extensive assort-
ment of Rosewood and Mahogany Piano Fortes, with from six to
seven octaves, embracing every variety of patterns, made in their well-
known substantial manner, under their immediate and personal super-
intendence, by skillful and experienced mechanics, from the best sea-
soned materials.

These instruments embrance many important improvements, which
will recommend themselves, and are finished in the highest state of
perfection, with the best French grand action, warranted in every re
spect by the manufacturer.

48

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

A CARD.

WM. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANO-

 FORTE, ORGAN. &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank street,
where his terms for giving instruction can be ascertained.

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER.—JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near Elm. A
Large Stock of the finest instruments always on hand. Terms mode-
rate. FOR SALE—A Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a
great bargain for cash.	___________________

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

Street, N.Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made
from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful
workmanship, the result of 23 years experience m the business.

N. B. Wanted, a second-hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes on hire by the month.

PIANO FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly
 Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to
the elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establish-
ment corner of Cottage Place and Bleecker street, which he will sell 

at prices unusually low.		

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business tor the last twen-
ty years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two
of the largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying that
his instruments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the
best makers in this country or Europe, and that they contain all the
real improvements of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and
Repaired.

New York, April 23d, 1845.

PIANO FORTES. The Subscribers, while return-
ing thanks to their numerous friends and to the public, would, at
the same time call attention to their Stock of Instruments, of six and
seven octaves, just finished, in elegant Rosewood and mahogany cases.

The subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM, 361 Broadway.
Manufactory, 13th st., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

the boehm flute.

NEW INVENTION.

Adopted at the Royal Academy of Music, London, the Conservato-
ire at Paris, and the Principal Musical Institutions in Europe.

MR. LARRABEE, Manufacturer of the ‘Boehm Flute,’

110 Fulton St. N. Y., anxious to introduce to the Amateurs of
this city the above Imported Invention, which has been so enthusi-
astically received and generally used by the most distinguished Eu-
ropean artists, feels happy in being able to place before them the
following testimonial to its merits, signed by two of the most distin-
guished of our resident Artists.

We hereby testify to the excellence of the Boehm Flute, as manufac-
tured by Mr. J. D. Larrabee; to the beauty of its tone, the perfec-
tion of its tune, and the simplicity of its fingering, which renders
a brilliant execution comparatively easy.

Philip Ernst, (who has already introduced it
successfully among his pupils.)

John A. Kyle, Principal Flute of the Philhar-
monic Society, and Italian Opera, Professor and Teacher of the Boehm
Flute, 41 Forsyth st. New York.

Amateurs and Professors are requested to call at the manufactory
110 Fulton st. and judge for themselves.

VANDENHOFF’S ELOCUTION.

SECOND EDITION.—This valuable work is being

 introduced into a large number of the best Schools in the City and

Country.

It only needs to be generally known to become universally estab-
lished.

Testimonials are received from every quarter.

From Rev. R. F. Burnham, Rector of St. Paul’s Church, Hoboken.

“ Having seen with much pleasure, a second edition, by your house,
of “ A Plain System of Elocution,” I beg leave to express to you my
opinion of the high merit of that work.

Its title is in keeping with the plan pursued in the book; a rare fact
in this age of making many books. In the work may be found what
this age needs—a System of Elocution, that presents to the learner
something tangible; and that combines meaning with beauty, and
beauty with force.

I hereby express the opinion that the Principals of Seminaries of
Learning would benefit the department of Elocution, by the introduc-
tion of Mr. Vandenhoff's System.”

C. SHEPARD, Publisher,

191 Broadway, opposite John-street.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

THE FIRST PREMIUM A WARDED FIVE YE A RS BY THE AMERICAN INSTI-
TUTE FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF-HAND PENMANSHIP.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough course
of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and Sta-
tionery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P. M., daily, for gentlemen,
and from 11 to 1 o’clock, for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

PAINE AND BURGESS,

62 JOHN STREET, N. Y.,

ARE just sending to press a New Series of Choice
Works, selected from the Prose Literature of Italy. Translated
and Edited by Edwards Lester, U. S. Consul at Genoa, auther of the
 "Glory and Shame of England,” &c., &c. This series will be made
up of original translations of the best works of the best Italian writers,
with original notes and sketches in illustration of the Genius, the Lives
and Times of the Authors. Five vols. are ready for the Press.

1. Ettore Fieramosca, or the Challenge of Barletta, an Historical
Romance of the Times of the Medici, by Agegbio.

2 and 3, The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli.

4. The Autobiography of Alfieri.

These numbers will be issued in quick succession, in beautiful style,
and sold for fifty cents per volume. The object of this series is to
make known to the American people the Literature of Italy.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

SIR —WE WILL THANK YOU TO CAUTION

 the public against a set of imposters who are calling upon our cus-
tomers, asserting that they are engaged by us in the capacity of agents.
In several instances they have succeeded in obtaining orders. But
when the goods are delivered great dissatisfaction has been given by
the infamous and utterly base imitations. But still persisting that the
cards are our manufacture, they too often succeed in foisting them
upon the unsuspecting. We ourselves would strenuously caution the
said parties that, should they persist after this notice, we will try what
effect a State Prison will have upon them.

We are, Sir, Yours most obl’y.

J. B. CAREY & CO ,
Ornamental Show Card Manufacturers,

34 Beckman street, (late 323 Broadway.)
An agent wanted for New York City. Also one for New York State
—whose name will be published as our authorized agent.

BERTINI’S METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive work
yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this me-
thod, the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases.
The most prominent feature of this work is that the lessons, exerci-
ses, scales and studies are given in such progressive order, that they
enlist the interest of pupils, and carry them almost imperceptibly
through those mechanical difficulties which, otherwise, are too often
made irksome in other instruction books. The time has arrived when
a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account, and it is
only by the study of such methods us Bertini’s that pupils will be ena-
bled to read music with facility, and at the same time become good
musicians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner ; the
rudiments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and
each lesson is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

The publishers are in possession of the highest recommendations
from professional gentlemen, who speak of the superior merits of
Bertini’s Method over all others yet published in this country, most
of them having used the foreign copies previously. It will only be
necessary to give a few of the names in the principal cities.

BOSTON	NEw-York.

Messr. G. J. Webb,	Messrs. H. C. Timm,

J. G. Maeder,	W. Alpers,

H.T. Hach,	U. C. Hill,

E. L. White,	F. H. Brcwn,

David Paine,	Philadelphia.

A Kurek,	B. C. Cross,

T. B. Moses.	Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw.

Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the
work. American edition published by E. H. WADE and W. H.
OAKES, 197 Washington street. Boston

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co.....................Boston, Mass.

Colon & Adriance,................Philadelphia, Pa.

R. G. H. Huntington, ...... Hartford, Ct.

Georoe Jones.............. . Albany, N. Y.

Thomas H. Pease..................New-Haven, Ct.

L.	Willard,.....................Troy.

M.	Baullemet,...................Mobile, Al.

J. C. Morgan, .	. . New Orleans.