OCT  2 6  1965 NCB

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JULY 12, 1845.	NO. l.

Three Dollars per Annum.	Edited bt	Published at 136 Nassau St.

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	EDGAR A. POE AND HENRY C. WATSON.	By JOHN BISCO.

OUR NEW VOLUME.

To the Public.—The suspension of “ The Broadway
Journal" for one week, has been occasioned by the necessity
for some arrangements in which the public have no interest,
but which, beyond doubt, will give increased value and
efficiency to the paper.

In commencing the Second Volume, the undersigned begs
leave to return his sincere thanks to the numerous friends
who have lent him their aid in the very difficult task of
establishing a literary and critical weekly. The success of
the work, in the brief period of its existence, has been, he
truly believes, beyond precedent—and from a brilliant Past,
he looks confidently to a triumphant Future.

The editorial conduct of “ The Broadway Journal” is un-
der the sole charge of Edgar A. Poe—Mr. H. C. Watson,
as heretofore, controlling the Musical Department.

John Bisco,

Publisher.

HOW TO WRITE A BLACKWOOD
ARTICLE.

“ In the namc of the Prophet—figs!!”

Cry of the Turkish fig-pedler.

I presume every body has heard of me. My name is the
Signora Psyche Zenobia. This I know to be a fact. No
body but my enemies ever calls me Suky Snobbs. I have been
assured that Suky is but a vulgar corruption of Psyche, which
is good Greek, and means “the soul" (that’s me, I'm all
soul) and sometimes “ a butterfly,” which latter meaning
undoubtedly alludes to my appearance in my new crimson
satin dress, with the sky-blue Arabian mantelet, and the
trimmings of green agraffas, and the seven flounces of
orange-colored auriculas. As for Snobbs—any person who
should look at me would be instantly aware that my name
was n’t Snobbs. Miss Tabitha Turnip propagated that re-
port through sheer envy. Tabitha Turnip indeed! Oh
the little wretch ! But what can we expect from a tur-
nip ? Wonder if she remembers ihe old adage about "blood
out of a turnip, &c.” [Mem : put her in mind of it the first
opportunity.] [Mem again—pull her nose.] Where was I ?
Ah ! I have been assured that Snobbs is a mere corruption
of Zenobia, and that Zenobia was a queen—(So am I. Dr.
Moneypenny, always calls me the Queen of Hearts)-and that
Zenobia, as well as Psyche, is good Greek, and that my fa-
ther was “a Greek,” and that consequently I have a right
to our patronymic, which is Zenobia, and not by any means
Snobbs. Nobody but Tabitha Turnip calls me Suky Snobbs-
I am the Signora Psyche Zenobia.

As I said before, every body has heard of me. I am that
very Signora Psyche Zenobia, so justly celebrated as corres-
ponding secretary to the “ Philadelphia. Regular, Exchange,
Tea, Total, Young, Belles, Lettns. Universal, Experimen-
tal, Bibliographical, Association, To, Civilize, Humanity.”

Dr. Moneypenny made the title for us, and says he chose it
because it sounded big like an empty rum-puncheon. (A
vulgar man that sometimes—but he’s deep.) We all sign
the initials of the society after our names, in the fashion of
the R.S.A., Royal Society of Arts—the S.D.U.K., Society for
the Diffusion of Useful Knowledge, &c. &c. Dr. Moneypen-
ny says that S stands for stale, and that D.U.K. spells duck,
(but it don’t,) and that S.D.U.K. stands for Stale Duck, and
not tor Lord Brougham’s society—but then Dr. Moneypenny
is such a queer man that I am never sure when he is telling
me the truth. At any rate we always add to our names the
initials P.R.E.T.T.Y.B.L.U.E.B.A.T.C.H.—that is to say,
Philadelphia, Regular, Exchange, Tea, Total, Young, Belles,
Lettres, Universal, Experimental, Bibliographical, Associa-
tion, To, Civilize, Humanity—one letter for each word,
which is a decided improvement upon Lord Brougham. Dr.
Moneypenny will have it that our initials give our true char-
acter—but for my life I can’t see what he means.

Notwithstanding the good offices of the Doctor, and the
strenuous exertions of the association to get itself into notice,
it met with no very great success until I joined it. The
truth is, members indulged in too flippant a tone of discus-
sion. The papers read every Saturday evening were char-
acterized less by depth than buffoonery. They were all
whipped syllabub. There was no investigation of first cau-
ses, first principles. There was no investigation of anything
at all. There was no attention paid to that great point the
“ fitness of things.” In short there was no fine writing like
this. It was all low—very ! No profundity, no reading, no
metaphysics—nothing which the learned call spirituality,
and which the unlearned choose to stigmatise as cant. [Dr.
M. says I ought to spell “cant” with a capital K—but I
know better.]

When I joined the society it was my endeavour to intro-
duce a better style of thinking and writing, and all the world
knows how well I have succeeded. We get up as good pa-
pers now in the P.R.E.T.T.Y.B.L.U.E.B.A.T.C.H. as any
to he found even in Blackwood. I say, Blackwood, because
I have been assured that the finest writing, upon every sub-
ject, is to be discovered in the pages of that justly celebrated
Magazine. We now take it for our model upon all themes,
and are getting into rapid notice accordingly. And, after
all, it’s not so very difficult a matter to compose an article
of the genuine Blackwood stamp, if one only goes properly
about it. Of course I do n’t speak of the political articles.
Every body knows how they are managed, since Dr. Money
penny explained it. Mr. Blackwood has a pair of tailor’s-
shears, and three apprentices who stand by him for orders.
One hands him the “ Times,” another the “ Examiner,” and
a third a “Gulley’s New Compendium of Slang-Whang.’
Mr. B. merely cuts out and intersperses. It is soon done—
nothing but Examiner, Slang-Whang, and Times — then
Times, Slang-Whang, and Examiner—and then Times, Ex-
aminer, and Slang-Whang.

But the chief merit of the Magazine lies in its miscella-

132904

2

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

neous articles ; and the best of these come under the head of
what Dr. Moneypenny calls the bizarreries (whatever that
may mean) and what every body else calls the intensities.
This is a species of writing which I have long known how
to appreciate, although it is only since my late visit to Mr.
Blackwood (deputed by the society) that I have been made
aware of the exact method of composition. This method is
very simple, but not so much so as the politics. Upon my call-
ing at Mr. B.’s, and making known to him the wishes of the
society, he received me with great civility, took me into his
study, and gave me a clear explanation of the whole process.

“ My dear madam,” said he, evidently struck with my
majestic appearance, for I had on the crimson satin, with the
green agraffas, and orange-coloured auriculas, “ My dear
madam,” said he, “ sit down. The matter stands thus. In
the first place, your writer of intensities must have very black
ink, and a very big pen, with a very blunt nib. And, mark
me, Miss Psyche Zenobia!” he continued, after a pause,
with the most impressive energy and solemnity of manner,
“mark me!—that pen—must—never be mended! Herein,
madam, lies the secret, the soul, of intensity. I assume it
upon myself to say, that no individual, of however great
genius, ever wrote with a good pen,—understand me,—a
good article. You may take it for granted, that when manu-
script can be read it is never worth reading. This is a lead-
ing principle in our faith, to which if you cannot readily as-
sent, our conference is at an end.”

He paused. But, of course, as I had no wish to put an
end to the conference, I assented to a proposition so very ob-
vious, and one, too, of whose truth I had all along been suffi-
ciently aware. He seemed pleased, and went on with his
instructions.

“ It may appear invidious in me, Miss Psyche Zenobia, to
refer you to any article, or set of articles, in the way of
model or study ; yet perhaps I may as well call your atten-
tion to a few cases. Let me see. There was ‘ The Dead
Alive,' a capital thing!—the record of a gentleman's sensa-
when entombed before the breath was out of his body—ful]
tions, of taste, terror, sentiment, metaphysics, and erudition.
You would have sworn that the writer had been born and
brought up in a coffin. Then we had the ‘ Confessions of
an Opium-eater’—fine, very fine !—glorious imagination—
deep philosophy—acute speculation—plenty of fire and fury,
and a good spicing of the decidedly unintelligible. That was
a nice bit of flummery, and went down the throats of the
people delightfully. They would have it that Coleridge
wrote the paper—but not so. It was composed by my pet
baboon. Juniper, over a rummer of Hollands and water, ' hot.
without sugar.’” [This I could scarcely have believed had
it been any body but Mr. Blackwood, who assured me of it.]
“ Then there was ' The Involuntary Experimentalist,' all
about a gentleman who got baked in an oven, and came out
alive and well, although certainly done to a turn. And
then there was ' The Diary of a Late Physician,' where
the merit lay in good rant, and indifferent Greek—both of
them taking things, with the public. And then there was
' The Man in the Del!,' a paper by-the bye, Miss Zenobia,
which I cannot sufficiently recommend to your attention. It
is the history of a young person who goes to sleep under the
clapper of a church bell, and is awakened by its tolling for a
funeral. The sound drives him mad, and, accordingly, pull-
ing out his tablets, he gives a record of his sensations. Sen-
sations are the great things after all. Should you ever be
drowned or hung, be sure and make a note of your sensa-
tions—they will be worth to you ten guineas a sheet. If you
wish to write forcibly, Miss Zenobia, pay minute attention to

the sensations.”

“ That I certainly will, Mr. Blackwood,” said I.

“Good!” he replied. “I see you are a pupil after my
own heart. But I must put you au fait to the details neces-
sary in composing what may be denominated a genuine
Blackwood article of the sensation stamp—the kind which
 you will understand me to say I consider the best for all pur-
poses.

“ The first thing requisite is to get yourself into such a
jscrape as no one ever got into before. The oven, for instance,
—that was a good hit. But if you have no oven, or bigbell,
iat hand, and if you cannot conveniently tumble out of a bal-
loon, or be swallowed up in an earthquake, or get stuck fast
 in a chimney, you will have to be contented with simply im-
agining some similar misadventure. I should prefer, how-
ever, that you have the actual fact to bear you out. Nothing
 so well assists the fancy, as an experimental knowledge of the
 matter in hand. ‘Truth is strange,’ you know, ‘ stranger
than fiction’—besides being more to the purpose.”

Here I assured him I had an excellent pair of garters, and
 would go and hang myself forthwith.

“Good !” he replied, “do so;—although hanging is some-
what hacknied. Perhaps you might do better. Take a dose
of Brandreth’s pills, and then give us your sensations. How-
ever, my instructions will apply equally well to any variety
of misadventure, and in your way home you may easily gel
knocked in the head, or run over by an omnibus, or bitten by
a mad dog, or drowned in a gutter. But, to proceed.

“ Having determined upon your subject, you must next
consider the tone, or manner, of your narration. There is
the lone didactic, the tone enthusiastic, the tone natural—all
common-place enough. But then there is the lone laconic,
or curt, which has lately come much into use. It consists in
short sentences. Somehow thus. Can’t be too brief. Can’t
be too snappish. Always a full stop. And never a para-
 graph.

“Then there is the tone elevated, diffusive, and interjec-
tional. Some of our best novelists patronize this tone. The
jwords must be all in a whirl, like a humming-top, and make
a noise very similar, which answers remarkably well instead
 of meaning. This is the best of all possible styles where
the writer is in too great a hurry to think.

“ The tone metaphysical is also a good one. If you know
any big words this is your chance for them. Talk of the
Ionic and Eleatic schools—of Archytas, Gorgias and Alemoe-
on. Say something about objectivity and subjectivity. Be
sure and abuse a man called Locke. Turn up your nose at
 things in general, and when you let slip anything a little too
absurd, you need not be at the trouble of scratching it out,
but just add a foot-note, and say that you are indebted for the
above profound observation to the ' Kritik der reinem Ver-
nunft,' or to the ‘ Metaphysische Anfangsgrunde der Natur-
wissenschaft.' This will look erudite and—and—and frank.

“ There are various other tones of equal celebrity, but I
shall mention only two more—the tone transcendental and the
tone heterogeneous. In the former the merit consists in
seeing into (he nature of affairs a very great deal farther than
any body else. This second sight is very efficient when pro-
perly managed. A little reading of the ‘ Dial’ will carry you
a great way. Eschew, in this case, big words; get them as
small as possible, and write them upside down. Look over
Channing’s poems and quote what he says about a ‘ fat little
man with a delusive show of Can.’ Put in something about
the Supernal Oneness. Don’t say a syllable about the In-
fernal Twoness. Above all, study inuendo. Hint every
thing—assert nothing. If you feel inclined to say ‘ bread

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

3

and butter’ do not by any means say it outright. You may
say anything and every thing approaching to ‘bread and
butter.' You may hint at buck-wheat cake, or you may
even go so far as to insinuate oat-meal porridge, but if bread
and butter be your real meaning, be cautious, my dear Miss
Psyche, net on any account to say ' bread and butter!’ ”

I assured him that I should never say it again as long as I
lived. He kissed me and continued:

“As for the tone heterogeneous, it is merely a judicious
mixture, in equal proportions, of all the other tones in the
World, and is consequently made up of everything deep,
great, odd, piquant, pertinent, and pretty.

“ Let us suppose now you have determined upon your in-
cidents and tone. The most important portion, — in fact
the soul of the whole business, is yet to be attended to—I
allude to the filling up. It is not to be supposed that a lady
or gentleman either has been leading the life of a bookworm.
And yet above all things it is necessary that your article have
an air of erudition, or at least afford evidence of extensive
general reading. Now I’ll put you in the way of accom-
plishing this point. See here!’’ (pulling down some three
or four ordinary looking volumes, and opening them at ran-
dom.) “ By casting your eye down almost any page of any
book in the world, you will be able to perceive at once a host
of little scraps of either learning or bel-esprit-ism, which are
the very thing for the spicing of a Blackwood article. You
might as well note down a few while I read them to you. I
shall make two divisions: first, Piquant Facts for the Manu-
facture of Similes; and second, Piquant Expressions to be
introduced as occasion may require. Write now!—" and I
wrote as he dictated.

“Piquant Facts for Similes. ‘ There were originally
but three Muses—Melete, Mneme, and Aoede—meditation,
memory, and singing.’ You may make a great deal of that
little fact if properly worked. You see it is not generally
known, and looks recherche. You must be careful and give
the thing with a downright improvise air.

“ Again. ‘ The river Alpheus passed beneath the sea, and
emerged without injury to the purity of its waters.’ Rather
stale that, to be sure, but, if properly dressed and dished up,
will look quite as fresh as ever.

“ Here is something better. ' The Persian Iris appears to
some persons to possess a sweet and very powerful perfume,
while to others it is perfectly scentless.’ Fine that, and very
delicate! Turn it about a little, and it will do wonders.
We’ll have something else in the botanical line. There’s
nothing goes down so well, especially with the help of a little
Latin. Write!

"'The Epidendrum Flos Aeris, of Java, bears a very
beautiful flower, and will live when pulled up by the roots.
The natives suspend it by a cord from the ceiling, and enjoy
its fragrance for years.’ That’s capital! That will do for
the similes. Now for the Piquant Expressions.

Piquant Expressions. ‘ The venerable Chinese novel Ju-
Kiao-Li.’ Good ! By introducing these few words with
dexterity you will evince your intimate acquaintance with
the language and literature of the Chinese. With the aid
of this you may possibly get along without either Arabic, or
Sanscrit, or Chickasaw. There is no passing muster, how-
ever, without Spanish, Italian, German, Latin, and Greek.
I must look you out a little specimen of each. Any scrap
will answer, because you must depend upon your own inge-
nuity to make it fit into your article. Now write!

“ ' Aussi tendre que Zaire'—as tender as Zaire—French.
Alludes to the frequent repetition of the phrase, la tendre

Zaire, in the French tragedy of that name. Properly intro-
duced, will show not only your knowledge of the language,
but your general reading and wit. You can say, for instance,
that the chicken you were eating (write an article about be-
ing choked to death by a chicken-bone) was not altogether
aussi tendre que Zaire. Write!

‘ Van muerle tan escondida,

Que no te sienta renir,

Porque el plazer del morir
No me torne a dar la vida.'

That’s Spanish—from Miguel de Cervantes. ‘ Come quickly
O death! but be sure and don’t let me see you coming, lest
the pleasure I shall feel at your appearance should unfor-
tunately bring me back again to life.’ This you may slip in
quite a propos when you are struggling in the last agonies
with the chicken-bone. Write!

‘ Il pover ’huomo che non se’n era accorto,

Andava combattendo, e era morto.’

That’s Italian, you perceive,—from Ariosto. It means that
a great hero, in the heat of combat, not perceivin that he
had been fairly killed, continued to fight valiantly, dead as
he was. The application of this to your own case is obvious
—for I trust, Miss Psyche, that you will not neglect to kick
for at least an hour and a half after you have been choked to
death by that chicken-bone. Please to write!

‘ Und sterb’ich doch, no sterb’ich denn
Durch sie—durch sie."

That’s German—from Schiller. ‘And if I die, at least I die
—for thee—for thee!’ Here it is clear that you are apostro-
phising the cause of your disaster, the chicken. Indeed what
gentleman (or lady either) of sense, would'nt die, I should
like to know, for a well fattened capon of the right Molucca
breed, stuffed with capers and mushrooms, and served up in
a salad-bowl, with orange-jellies en mosuiques. Write!
(You can get them that way at Tortoni’s,)—Write, if you
please'.

“ Here is a nice little Latin phrase, and rare too, (one can’t
be too reckerche or brief in one’s Latin, it’s getting so com-
mon,)—ignoratio elenchi. He has committed an ignoratio
elenchi—that is to say, he has understood the words of your
proposition, but not the ideas. The man was a fool, you
see. Some poor fellow whom you addressed while choking
with that chicken-bone, and who therefore did’nt precisely
understand what you were talking about. Throw the igno-
ratio elenchi in his teeth, and, at once, you have him annihi-
lated. If he dare to reply, you can tell him from Lucan
(here it is) that speeches are mere anemonae verborum, ane-
mone words. The anemone, with great brilliancy, has no
smell. Or, if he begin to bluster, you may be down upon
him with insomnia Jovis, reveries of Jupiter—a phrase which
Silius Italicus (see here!) applies to thoughts pompous and
inflated. This will be sure and cut him to the heart. He
can do nothing but roll over and die. Will you be kind
enough to write?

“In Greek we must have something pretty—from Demos-
thenes, for example. Ανερ ο φεογων χαι παλιν μαχεσεται.
[Aner o pheogon kai palin makesetai.] There is a tolerably
good translation of it in Hudibras—

For he that flies may fight again,

Which he can never do that’s slain.

In a Blackwood article nothing makes so fine a show as your
Greek. The very letters have an air of profundity about
them. Only observe, madam, the astute look of that Epsi-
ion! That Phi ought certainly to be a bishop! Was ever
there a smarter fellow than that Omicron ? Just twig that
Tau! In short, there is nothing like Greek for a genuine





4

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

sensation-paper. In the present case your application is the
most obvious thing in the world. Rap out the sentence,
with a huge oath, and by way of ultimatum, at the good-for-
nothing dunder-headed villain who couldn’t understand your
plain English in relation to the chicken-bone. He’ll take
the hint and be off, you may depend upon it.”

These were all the instructions Mr. B. could afford me up-
on the topic in question, but I felt they would be entirely
sufficient. I was, at length, able to write a genuine Black-
wood article, and determined to do it forthwith. In taking
leave of me, Mr. B. made a proposition for the purchase of
the paper when written; but as he could offer me only fifty
guineas a sheet, I thought it better to let our society have
it, than sacrifice it for so paltry a sum. Notwithstanding
this niggardly spirit, however, the gentleman showed his
consideration for me in all other respects, and indeed treated
me with the greatest civility. His parting words made a
deep impression upon my heart, and I hope I shall always
remember them with gratitude.

" My dear Miss Zenobia,” he said, while the tears stood
in his eyes, “ is there anything else I can do to promote the
success of your laudable undertaking? Let me reflect! It
is just possible that you may not be able, so soon as conve-
nient, to — to — get yourself drowned, or — choked with
a chicken-bone, or — or hung, — or —bitten by a — but
stay ! Now I think me of it, there are a couple of very ex-
cellent bull dogs in the yard — fine fellows, I assure you —
savage, and all that — indeed just the thing for your
money — they’ll have you eaten up, auriculas and all, in
less than five minutes (here’s my watch !) — and then only
think of the sensations! Here! I say — Tom! — Peter!
— Dick, you villain ! — let out those” — but as I was really
in a great hurry, and had not another moment to spare, I
was reluctantly forced to expedite my departure, and accord-
ingly took leave at once— somewhat more abruptly, I ad-
mit, than strict courtesy would have, otherwise, allowed.

It was my primary object, upon quitting Mr. Blackwood,
to get into some immediate difficulty, pursuant to his advice,
and with this view I spent the greater part of the day in wan-
dering about Edinburgh, seeking lor desperate adventures—
adventures adequate to the intensity of my feelings, and
adapted to the vast character of the article I intended to
write. In this excursion I was attended by my negro-servant
Pompey, and my little lap-dog Diana, whom I had brought
with me from Philadelphia. It was not, however, until late
in the afternoon that l fully succeeded in my arduous under-
taking. An important event then happened, of which the
following Blackwood article, in the tone heterogeneous, is
the substance and result.

A predicament.

What chance, good lady, hath bereft you thus?—COMUS.

It was a quiet and still afternoon when I strolled forth in
the goodly city of Edina. The confusion and bustle in the
streets were terrible. Men were talking. Women were
screaming. Children were choking. Pigs were whistling.
Carts they rattled. Bulls they bellowed. Cows they low-
ed. Horses they neighed. Cals they caterwauled. Dogs
they danced. Danced! Could it then be possible ? Danc-
ed ! Alas, thought I, my dancing days are over! Thus it
is ever. What a host of gloomy recollections will ever and
anon be awakened in the mind of genius and imaginative
contemplation, especially of a genius doomed to the everlast-
ing, and eternal, and continual, and, as one might say, the—
continued—yes, the continued and continuous, bitter, har- 

assing, disturbing, and, if I may be allowed the expression,
the very disturbing influence of the serene, and godlike, and
heavenly, and exalting, and ele ated, and purifying effect of
what may be rightly termed he most enviable, the most
truly enviable—nay! the most benignly beautiful, the most
deliciously ethereal, and, as it were, the most pretty (if I
may use so bold an expression) thing (pardon me, gentle
reader!) in the word—but I am led away by my feelings. In
such a mind, I repeat, what a host of recollections are stirred
up by a trifle ! The dogs danced ! I—I could not! They
frisked—I wept. They capered—I sobbed aloud. Touch-
ing circumstances! which cannot fail to bring to the recol-
lection of the classical reader that exquisite passage in rela-
tion to the fitness of things, which is to be found in the com-
mencement of the third volume of that admirable and vene-
rable Chinese novel, the Jo-Go-Slow.

In my solitary walk through the city I had two humble
but faithful companions. Diana, my poodle! sweetest of
creatures ! She had a quantity of hair over her one eye, and
a blue ribband tied fashionably around her neck. Diana was
not more than five inches in height, but her head was some-
what bigger than her body, and her tail, being cut off ex-
ceedingly close, gave an air of injured innocence to the inte-
resting animal which rendered her a favorite with all.

And Pompey, my negro!—sweet Pompey ! how shall I
ever forget thee? I had taken Pompey’s arm. He was three
feet in height (I like to be particular) and about seventy, or
perhaps eighty, years of age. He had bow-legs and was
corpulent. His mouth should not be called small, nor his
ears short. His teeth, however, were like pearl, and his
large full eyes were deliciously white. Nature had endowed
him with no neck, and had placed his ankles (as usual with
that race) in the middle of the upper portion of the feet.

 He was clad with a striking simplicity. His sole garments
 were a stock of nine inches in height, and a nearly-new drab
overcoat which had formerly been in the service of the tall,
stately, and illustrious Dr. Moneypenny. It was a good
overcoat. It was well cut. It was well made. The coat
was nearly new. Pompey held it up out of the dirt with
both hands.

There were three persons in our party, and two of them
have already been the subject of remark. There was a
third—that third person was myself. I am the Signora
Psyche Zenobia. I am not Suky Snobbs. My appearance
is commanding. On the memorable occasion of which I
speak I was habited in a crimson satin dress, with a sky-
blue Arabian mantelet. And the dress had trimmings of
green agraffas, and seven graceful flounces of the orange col-
ored auricula. I thus formed the third of the party. There
was the poodle. There was Pompey. There was myself.
We were three. Thus it is said there were originally but
three Furies—Melty, Nimmy and Hetty—Meditation, Mem-
ory, and Fiddling.

Leaning upon the arm of the gallant Pompey, and attended
at a respectful distance by Diana, I proceeded down one of
the populous and very pleasant streets of the now deserted
Edina. On a sudden, there presented itself to view a church
—a Gothic cathedral—vast, venerable, and with a tall
steeple, which towered into the sky. What madness now
possessed me ? Why did I rush upon my fate ? I was seiz-
ed with an uncontrollable desire to ascend the giddy pinna-
cle, and thence survey the immense extent of the city. The
door of the cathedral stood invitingly open. My destiny pre-
vailed. I entered the ominous archway. Where then was
my guardian angel ?— if indeed such angels there be. If!
Distressing monosyllable! what a world of mystery, and

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

5

meaning, and doubt, and uncertainty is there involved in thy
two letters! I entered the ominous archway! I entered;
and, without injury to my orange-colored auriculas, I passed
beneath the portal, and emerged within the vestibule!
Thus it is said the immense river Alfred passed, unscathed,
and unwetted, beneath the sea.

I thought the staircases would never have an end.
Round! Yes, they went round and up, and round and up
and round and up, until I could not help surmising, with the
sagacious Pompey, upon whose supporting arm I leaned in
all the confidence of early affection—I could not help sur-
mising that the upper end of the continuous spiral ladder had
been accidentally, or perhaps designedly, removed. I paused
for breath; and, in the meantime, an incident occurred of
too momentous a nature in a moral, and also in a metaphysi-
cal point of view, to be passed over without notice. It ap-
peared to me—indeed I was quite confident of the fact—I
could not be mistaken—no! I had, for some moments, care-
fully and anxiously observed the motions of my Diana—I say
that I could not be mistaken—Diana smell a rat! At once
I called Pompey’s attention to the subject, and he—he
agreed with me. There was then no longer any reasonable
room for doubt. The rat had been smelled—and by Diana.
Heavens! shall I ever forget the intense excitement of that
moment? Alas! what is the boasted intellect of man?
The rat!—it was there—that is to say, it was somewhere.
Diana smelled the rat. I—I could not! Thus it is said the
Prussian Isis has, for some persons, a sweet and very power-
ful perfume, while to others it is perfectly scentless.

The staircase had been surmounted, and there were now
only three or four more upward steps intervening between us
and the summit. We still ascended, and now only one step
remained. One step! One little, little step! Upon one
such little step in the great staircase of human life how vast
a sum of human happiness or misery often depends! I
thought of myself, then of Pompey, and then of the mysterious
and inexplicable destiny which surrounded us. I thought of
Pompey !—alas, I thought of love ! I thought of the many
false steps which have been taken, and may be taken again.
I resolved to be more cautious, more reserved. I abandoned
the arm of Pompey, and, without his assistance, surmounted
the one remaining step, and gained the chamber of the bel-
fry. I was followed immediately afterwards by my poodle.
Pompey alone remained behind. I stood at the head of the
staircase, and encouraged him to ascend. He stretched
forth to me his hand, and unfortunately in so doing was forc
ed to abandon his firm hold upon the overcoat. Will the
gods never cease their persecution ? The overcoat it dropped,
and, with one of his feet, Pompey stepped upon the long and
trailing skirt of the overcoat. He stumbled and fell—this
consequence was inevitable. He fell forwards, and, with
his accursed head, striking me full in the—in the breast,
precipitated me headlong, together with himself, upon the
hard, filthy and detestable floor of the belfry. But my re-
venge was sure, sudden and complete. Seizing him furious-
ly by the wool with both hands, I lore out a vast quantity of
the black, and crisp, and curling material, and tossed it from
me with every manifestation of disdain. It fell among the
ropes of the belfry and remained. Pompey arose, and said
no word. But he regarded me piteously with his large eyes
and—sighed. Ye gods—that sigh ! It sunk into my heart.
And the hair—the wool! Could I have reached that wool
I would have bathed it with my tears, in testimony of regret.
But alas! it was now far beyond my grasp. As it dangled
among the cordage of the bell, I fancied it still alive. I fan-
cied that it stood on end with indignation._Thus the happ

dandy Flos Aeris of Java, bears, it is said, a beautiful flow-
er, which will live when pulled up by the roots. The na-
tives suspend it by a cord from the ceiling and enjoy its fra-
grance for years.

Our quarrel was now made up, and we looked about the
room for an aperture through which to survey the city of
Edina. Windows there were none. The sole light admit,
ted into the gloom chamber proceeded from a square open-
ing, about a foot in diameter, at a height of about seven feet
from the floor. Yet what will the energy of true genius
not effect? I resolved to clamber up to this hole. A vast
quantity of wheels, pinions, and other cabalistic-looking ma-
chinery stood opposite the hole, close to it; and through the
hole there passed an iron rod from the machinery. Between
the wheels and the wall where the hole lay, there was bare-
ly room for my body—yet I was desperate, and determined
to persevere. I called Pompey to my side.

“ You perceive that aperture, Pompey. I wish to look
through it. You will stand here just beneath the hole—so.
Now, hold out one of your hands, Pompey, and let me step
upon it—thus. Now, the other hand, Pompey, and with its
aid I will get upon your shoulders.”

He did everything I wished, and I found, upon getting up,
that I could easily pass my head and neck through the aper-
ture. The prospect was sublime. Nothing could be more
magnificent. I merely paused a moment to bid Diana be-
have herself, and assure Pompey that I would be consider-
ate and bear as lightly as possible upon his shoulders. I
told him I would be tender of his feelings—ossi tender que
beefsteak. Having done this justice to my faithful friend, I
gave myself up with great zest and enthusiasm to the enjoy-
ment of the scene which so obligingly spread itself out be-
fore my eyes.

Upon this subject, however, I shall forbear to dilate. I
will not describe the city of Edinburgh. Every one has
been to Edinburgh—the classic Edina. I will confine my-
self to the momentous details of my own lamentable adven-
ture. Having, in some measure, satisfied my curiosity in re-
gard to the extent, situation, and general appearance of the
city, I had leisure to survey the church in which I was, and
the delicate architecture of the steeple. I observed that the
aperture through which I had thrust my head was an open-
ing in the dial-plate of a gigantic clock, and must have ap-
peared, from the street, as a large keyhole, such as we see
iu the face of french watches. No doubt the true object was
to admit the arm of an attendant, to adjust, when necessary,
the hands of the clock from within. I observed also, with
surprise, the immense size of these hands, the longest of
which could not have been less than ten feet in length, and,
where broadest, eight or nine inches in breadth. They were
of solid steel apparently, and their edges appeared to be
sharp. Having noticed these particulars, and some others,
I again turned my eyes upon the glorious prospect below,
and soon became absorbed in contemplation.

From this, after some minutes, I was aroused by the voice
of Pompey, who declared he could stand it no longer, and re-
quested that I would be so kind as to come down. This was
unreasonable, and I told him so in a speech of some length.
He replied, but with an evident misunderstanding of my
 ideas upon the subject. I accordingly grew angry, and told
him in plain words that he was a fool, that he had commit-
ted an ignoramus e-clench-eye, that his notions were mere
insommary Bovis, and his words little belter than an enemy
werrybor'em. With this he appeared satisfied, and I resum-
ed my contemplations.

It might have been half an hour after this altercation

6

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL,

when, as I was deeply absorbed in the heavenly scenery be-
neath me, I was startled by something very cold which
pressed with a gentle pressure upon the back of my neck.
It is needless to say that I felt inexpressibly alarmed. I
knew that Pompey was beneath my feet, and that Diana
was sitting, according to my explicit directions, upon her
hind legs in the farthest corner of the room. What could it
be? Alas! I but too soon discovered. Turning my head
gently to one side, I perceived, to my extreme horror, that
the huge, glittering, scimetar-like minute-hand of the clock,
had, in the course of its hourly revolution, descended, upon
my neck. There was, I knew, not a second to be lost. I
pulled back at once—but it was too late. There was no
chance of forcing my head through the mouth of that terri-
ble trap in which it was so fairly caught, and which grew
narrower and narrower with a rapidity too horrible to be
conceived. The agony of that moment is not to be imagin-
ed. I threw up my hands and endeavoured, with all my
strength, to force upwards the ponderous iron bar. I might
as well have tried to lift the cathedral itself. Down, down,
down it came, closer, and yet closer. I screamed to Pompey
for aid: but he said that I had hurt his feelings by calling him
“an ignorant old squint eye.” I yelled to Diana ; but she
only said “ bow-wow-wow,” and that “ I had told her on no
account to stir from the corner.” Thus I had no relief to ex-
pect from my associates.

Meantime the ponderous and terrific Scythe of Time (for I
now discovered the literal import of that classical phrase)
had not stopped, nor was it likely to stop, in its career, 
Down and still down, it came. It had already buried its
sharp edge a full inch in my flesh, and my sensations grew ;
indistinct and confused. At one time I fancied myself in
Philadelphia with the stately Dr. Moneypenny, at another in
the back parlor of Mr. Blackwood receiving his invaluable!
instructions. And then again the sweet recollection of better 
and earlier times came over me, and I thought of that happy 
period when the world was not all a desert, and Pompey not
altogether cruel.

The ticking of the machinery amused me. Amused me, I
say, for my sensations now bordered upon perfect happiness,
and the most trifling circumstances afforded me pleasure.
The eternal click-clack, click-clack, click-clack, of the clock
was the most melodious of music in my ears, and occasion-
ally even put me in mind of the grateful sermonic harangues
of Dr. Olapod. Then there were the great figures upon
the dial-plate—how intelligent, how intellectual, they all
looked ! And presently they took to dancing the Mauzurka,
and I think it was the figure V who performed the most to
my satisfaction. She was evidently a lady of breeding.
None of your swaggerers, and nothing at all indelicate in
her motions. She did the pirouette to admiration—whirl-
ing round upon her apex. I made an endeavor to hand her
a chair, for I saw that she appeared fatigued with her exer-
tions—and it was not until then that I fully perceived my
lamentable situation. Lamentable indeed ! The bar had
buried itself two inches in my neck. I was aroused to a
sense of exquisite pain. I prayed for death, and, in the agony
of the moment, could not help repeating those exquisite vers-
es of the poet Miguel De Cervantes:	

Vanny Buren, tan escondida

Query no te senty venny	

Pork and pleasure, delly morry	

Nommy, torny, darry, widdy !

But now a new horror presented itself, and one indeed suf- 
ficient to startle the strongest nerves. My eyes, from the 
cruel pressure of the machine, were absolutely starting from 

 their sockets. While I was thinking how I should possibly
 manage without them, one actually tumbled out of my head,
 and, rolling down the steep side of the steeple, lodged in the
 rain gutter which ran along the eaves of the main building.
 The loss of the eye was not so much as the insolent air of
 independence and contempt with which it regarded me after
 it was out. There it lay in the gutter just under my nose,
 and the airs it gave itself would have been ridiculous had
 they not been disgusting. Such a winking and blinking
 were never before seen. This behaviour on the part of my
 eye in the gutter was not only irritating on account of its
 manifest insolence and shameful ingratitude, but was also ex-
 ceedingly inconvenient on account of the sympathy which al-

 ways exists between two eyes of the same head, however far
 apart. I was forced, in a manner, to wink and to blink, whe-

 ther I would or not, in exact concert with the scoundrelly
 thing that lay just under my nose. I was presently relieved,

 however, by the dropping out of the other eye. In falling it
  took the same direction (possibly a concerted plot) as its fel-
low. Both rolled out of the gutter together, and in truth I

 was very glad to get rid of them.

The bar was now four inches and a half deep in my neck,
and there was only a little bit of skin to cut through. My
sensations were those of entire happiness, for I felt that in a
 few minutes, at farthest, I should be relieved from my disa-
 greeable situation. And in this expectation I was not at all
 deceived. At twenty-five minutes past five in the afternoon
precisely, the huge minute-hand had proceeded sufficiently
far on its terrible revolution to sever the small remainder of
my neck. I was not sorry to see the head which had occa-
sioned me so much embarrassment at length make a final se-
paration from my body. It first rolled down the side of the
steeple, then lodged, for a few seconds, in the gutter, and
then made its way, with a plunge, into the middle of the
 street.

I will candidly confess that my feelings were now of the
most singular—nay of the most mysterious, the most perplex-
 ing and incomprehensible character. My senses were here
and there at one and the same moment. With my head I
imagined, at one time, that I the head, was the real Signora
 Psyche Zenobia—at another I felt convinced that myself, the
body, was the proper identity. To clear my ideas upon this
topic I felt in my pocket for my snuff-box, but, upon getting
it, and endeavoring to apply a pinch of its grateful contents
in the ordinary manner, I became immediately aware of my
peculiar deficiency, and threw the box at once down to my
head. It took a pinch with great satisfaction, and smiled
me an acknowledgement in return. Shortly afterwards it
made me a speech, which I could hear but indistinctly with-
out ears. I gathered enough, however, to know that it was
astonished at my wishing to remain alive under such circum-
stances. In the concluding sentences it quoted the noble
words of Ariosto—

Il pover hommy che non sera corty

And have a combat tenty erry morty.

thus comparing me to the hero who, in the heat of the com-
bat, not perceiving that he was dead, continued to contest
the battle with inextinguishable valor. There was nothing
now to prevent my getting down from my elevation, and I
did so. What it was that Pompey saw so very peculiar
in my appearance I have never yet been able to find out.
The fellow opened his mouth from ear to ear, and shut his two
eyes as if he were endeavoring to crack nuts between the lids.
Finally, throwing off his overcoat, he made one spring for
the staircase and disappeared. I hurled after the scoun-
drel those vehement words of Demosthenes—

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

7

Andrew O' Phlegethon, you really make haste to fly,

and then turned to the darling of my heart, to the one-eyed!
the shaggy-haired Diana. Alas ! what horrible vision af-
fronted my eyes ? Was that a rat I saw skulking into his
hole ? Are these the picked bones of the little angel who
has been cruelly devoured by the monster ? Ye Gods! and
what do I behold—is that the departed spirit, the shade, the
ghost of my beloved puppy, which I perceive sitting with
a grace so melancholy, in the corner ? Harken ! for she
speaks, and, heavens! it is in the German of Schiller—

“ Unt stubby duk, so stubby dun
Duk she ! duk she !”

Alas !—and are not her words too true ?

And if I died at least I died
For thee—for thee.

Sweet creature ! she too has sacrificed herself in my behalf
Dogless, niggerless, headless, what now remains for the un-
happy Signora Psyche Zenobia ?	Alas—nothing!	I have

done.	EDGAR A. POE.

THE DEPARTED.

Where the river ever floweth,

Where the green grass ever groweth.
Where each star most faintly gloweth,

Do I wander on;

My thick pulses hastily beating.

My quick glances now retreating,

And, with bold advance, now meeting.
Shadows of the gone !

Lonely, by that lovely river,

Where the moon-lit blossoms quiver,

Do I wander on forever,

Musing on the past;

When the weary moon descendeth.

When each pals star earthward bendeth.
Then my soul strong memories sendeth,—
Joys too bright to last!

She, earth’s bright and loveliest flower,
Spirit, cooped in mortal bower,

She, whose voice alone bad power
O’er my soul, is gone!

Vain, oh! vain, are tears and wailing.
Fierce deep grief is unavailing,

Yet are they my heart assailing,—

Proud heart, never won !

By that river, ever flowing.

With heaven’s light upon her glowing.
Sometimes comes she to me, showing
Things past and to come.

And we wander on. caressing,

While the mute earth sheds her blessing
Happy in that dim possessing,

Spirits in the gloom !

Were it not for that dim meeting.

Were it not for that dark greeting.

Its own core my wild heart eating,

Soon would turn to clay.

Now along that lonely river.

Lonely do I wander ever,

Where the nightly blossoms shiver,—
Dark and sad as they !

CRITICAL. NOTICES.

The Coming of the Mammoth—the Funeral of Time, and
other Poems, by Henry B. Hirst, Boston: Philips &
Sampson.

Mr. Hirst is a young lawyer of Philadelphia—admitted to
practice, we believe, about two years ago, and already deriv-
ing a very respectable income from his profession. Some
years since, his name was frequency seen in the content-
tables of our Magazines, but latterly the duties of his pro-
fession seem to have withdrawn him from literary pursuits.
He has, nevertheless, done quite right in collecting his fugi-
tive poems, and giving them to the public in a convenient
and durable form. The day has happily gone by when a
practitioner at the bar has anything to fear from its being un-
derstood that he is capable of inditing a good sonnet.

We have no hesitation in saying that Mr. Hirst has not
only given indication of poetical genius, but that he has
composed some very commendable poems. His imagination
is vigorous, bold, and at the same time delicate. His sense
of the true provinces of poetical art is remarkably keen and
discriminating, and his versification is superior to that of
any American poet. We perhaps should qualify this latter
remark by observing that his knowledge of the principles of
the metrical art is more profound and more accurate than
that of any American poet—but that his knowledge too fre-
quently leads him into the pedantry of hyperism. He is apt
to overdo a good thing. He insists upon rhythmical and me-
trical effects until they cease to have any effect at all—or
until they give to his compositions an air of mere oddity.—
His other defects are, chiefly, a want of constructive ability,
occasional extravagance of expression, and a far more than
occasional imitativeness. This last sin, is, in poetry, never to
be forgiven, and we are sorry to say that Mr. Hirst is inor-
dinately given to it. There is not a single poem in the beau-
tifully printed volume before us which does not remind us,
instantly, of some other composition. If we except some
rhythmical effects (for which the author deserves great
praise) there is nothing in the book which is fairly entitled
to be called original, either in its conception, execution, or
manner, as a whole. Of detached thoughts, nevertheless,
there are many very striking ones which are quite new, for
any evidence that we have to the contrary-

As very usually happens in a case of this kind, the lead-
ing and longest poem of the collection is the least worthy of
notice. It is called “The Coming of the Mammoth,” and,
to say nothing of its being a mere paraphrase, in all its most
striking points, of Mr. Mathews’ “ Behemoth,” is feebly and
incoherently narrated—narrated, indeed, very much as a
schoolboy would narrate it. In fact, we understand that it
is one of the earliest compositions of the author, who began
to write at a very immature age.

The story runs simply thus. The aborigines are suddenly
startled from the quiet of ages, by the apparition of “ my-
riad forms” of the mammoths. These creatures carry death
and desolation every where—destroying vegetation, and ani-
mal life wherever they pass. The extravagance with which
their nature is delineated, may be instanced by one stanza:

We saw them hunt the buffalo,

And crush them with their tusks of steel;

The mountains rocking to and fro
Like trees that in the tempest reel,

When passed their herds; and lake and river
A draught of theirs made dry forever.

The aborigines themselves fall a prey and are reduced to
a small band, when they bethink them of supplicating the
aid of Moneddo (Manitou) who forthwith attacks the rava-

8

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

gers with lightning, and destroys them all but one.

Bolt rushed on bolt till, one by one,

Howling in agony, they died,

Save him, the fiercest! And alone
He stood—almost a God in pride—

Then with a loud defying yell

Leapt, like a shaft, o’er hill and dell.

He flies at great speed ; the lightnings and the Indians
still pursuing. He reaches the Mississippi—leaps it at one
bound (possibly at a point not very far from the source)
and is at last brought up by the Rocky Mountains—but only
for a few moments—he ascends the highest peak—throws
rocks and trees “ in the face of God ” and fairly defies him,
until at length the “ mightiest spirits ” are summoned to
put an end to the contest:

They heard : with one tremendous crash
Down on the Mammoth’s forehead came
A surging sea of withering flame.

Earth trembled to its core ; and weak
But unsubdued the Mammoth leapt
Furiously from that lofty peak

To where the dark blue ocean swept.

Down ! down ! The startled waters sever ;

Then roll above him—and forever!

Our readers will agree with us that from the summit of
the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific, is a tolerably long leap 
even for a Mammoth—although he had had some previous 
practice in jumping the Mississippi.

We are not extravagant in saying (are we?) that the 
 "Coming of the Mammoth” which might as well have 
been called the “ Coming and the Going of the Mammoth” j
is the most preposterous of all the preposterous poems ever 
deliberately printed by a gentleman arrived at the years of
discretion. Nor has it one individual point of redeeming
merit. Had Mr. Hirst written only this we should have
thrown his book to the pigs without comment.

designed) is full of original force. We quote (unconnected-
ly) a few of the best quatrains:

A lustrous maid was Isabelle,

And quiet as a brooding bird ;

She never thought of passion’s spell—

Of love she never heard ;

But in her lonely chamber sat,

Sighing the weary hours away

From morn till flitting of the bat
Around the turrets gray.

And trembling with a strange unrest—

A yearning for—she knew not what ;

She only knew her heaving breast
Was heavy with its lot.

At last she passed to womanhood,

And sat her down on Beauty’s throne,

A statue with a beating heart
Beneath a breast of stone.

Her lustrous eyes grew large with love ;
Her cheeks with passion flushed and bright;

Her lips, whereon no bee might rove
Undrunken with delight,

Were, &c.

She felt she bad not lived in vain ;

She saw the Eden of her dreams

Close round her, and she stood again
Beside its silver streams.

The servants followed her with their eyes,

And prayed the virgin that her hours
Might ever pass under azure skies
And over parterres of flowers.

“ Geraldine ” is a far better poem than “ Isabelle ” and is
unquestionably the best in the volume. It is, however, in
manner a palpable imitation of Tennyson. In justice to Mr.
Hirst we quote it in full:

The martins twitter round the eaves,

The swift adown the chimney glides,

The bees are humming ’mid the leaves
Along the garden side ;

The robin whistles in the wood,

The linnet on the vane,

And down the alder-margined lane
The throstle sings, and by the flood
The plover pipes again.

But ah—alas alas ! no more
Their merry melodies delight ;

No more along the river’s shore
I watch the swallow’s flight:

And bees may hum and birds may sing,
And silver streamlets shine,

But on the rocks I sit and pine
Unheeding all; for thought will cling
To naught but Geraldine.

Oh, Geraldine ! my life, my love !

I only wander where we met
In emerald days, when blue above
The skies were o’er us set—

Along the glen and o’er the vale
And by the willow tree
I wander where at even with thee
I sang the song and told the tale
Of olden chivalry.

I stand beneath the sombre pines
That darken all thy father’s hall,
Begirt with noisome ivy vines
That shroud me like a pall.

Aye there !—where ruin frowns around !
Until the cock doth crow
I watch thy window-panes below,
Upon the sodden blackened ground

Where nothing good will grow.

I’ve watched thy lattice as before
To see the glimmer dimly pass,

(When thou wouldst open thy chamber door)
Of lamp-light on the glass ;

But none from out thy lattice peeps,

And all within is gloom,

And silent as a vacant tomb,

Save when a bat affrighted cheeps
In some deserted room.

Why comest thou not? Night after night,

For many a long and weary year,

’Neath many and many a May-moon’s light,
I’ve waited for thee here.

Aye blackest night and wildest storm
When frowning in the sky
Have looked on me with lightning eye,
And charnel figures round my form
Have gleamed and hurried by.

“ The Funeral of Time" is a forcible allegory, very indis-
tinctly made out, but well versified in some respects, and
filled with majestic images—although disfigured, too often,
by something even more mad than Nat Leeism.

“ Isabelle ” is the finest ballad ever written in this coun-
try, and but for its obvious and no doubt intentional imita-
tions, might be called one of the best ever written anywhere.
It is indeed exceedingly difficult to understand how the
author of such trash as “ The Mammoth ” could be at the
same time author of anything so widely different as “Isa-
belle.” Its simplicity is exquisite—its conduct could not be
improved—and its versification (within the narrow limits

Why comest thou not ? or wilt thou soon ?

The crimson sun doth wax and wane
Day after day; the yellow moon
Gildeth thy casement pane
Night after night; the stars are pale
Expecting thee ; the breeze
Rustling among the dreary trees
Sighs for thee with a woful wail
Who art beyond the seas.

They tell me thou wilt never come—

Alas ! that thou art cold and dead,

And slumbering in the green sea-foam
Upon some coral bed :—

That shriekingly thy ship went down
Beneath the wailing wave,

And none were near to hear or save—

And then they weep to see me frown—

To hear me groan and rave.

Thou dead ?—no, no !—it cannot be !

For if thou wast, thy ghost had kept
The solemn trist thou madest with me
When all save passion slept—

Thy ghost had come and greeted me
And bade me be at rest;

And long ere this upon my breast
The clod had fain : and I with thee
W'ere roaming ’mid the blest.

“ The Unseen River" is musical, but has the defect of
being imperfectly made out. Few persons will understand

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

that by the river always heard but never seen, until the tra-
veller is overtaken by death, it is the poet’s intention to
typify Happiness. We quote a fine stanza of which the
whole is very poetic (in the best sense) and of which the
concluding line is a specimen of exquisite versification.

From the valley—from a river
Which, like many a silver quiver.

Through the landscape stole in light:—

From the bushes, shrubs and blossoms—

Flowers unfolding fragrant bosoms—

Curled the shadows out of sight,

Fading like a ghost in air; and ever the river rippled bright.

“ The Burial of Eros" is a very effective allegorical poem
—but all allegories are contemptible:—at least the only two
which are not contemptible (The Pilgrim’s Progress and
The Fairy Queen) are admired in despite of themselves (as
allegories) and in the direct ratio of the possibility of keep-
ing the allegorical meaning out of sight.

“ The Sea of the Mind ” is another allegory, or (what is
less objectionable) an allegorical enigma. It is miserably
indefinite. Its only merit lies in detached thoughts, and in
its admirable management of the trochaic rhythm. The
metre is heptameter catalectic—consisting of seven (tro-
chaic) feet and a final coesura, equivalent. The trochees
are finely varied, now and then, with dactyls; only the
most forcible consonants are employed; the richest vowel
sounds abound; and all the effects of alliteration, with other
rhythmical effects less common, are skilfully introduced.—
For example;

Silvery the ocean singeth over sands of pearly glow ;

Under its surface shapes are gliding—gliding last or sailing slow—
Shapes of strange supernal beauty, floating through a fairy wave—
Fairer, purer, lovelier, brighter than the streams that Iram lave.

“The Birth of a Poet” is somewhat like an imitation
from John Neal's poem of the same title; the commence-
ment, especially, is stolen.

Mr. Hirst’s conception throughout is fantastical—not to
say absurd. The poem, however, is redeemed by one re-
markably well-managed quatrain:

Music like what the poet hears
When, wrapt in harmony, he wings
His soul away through argent spheres,

And back their melody brings.

The concluding anapoest here beautifully and most appro-
priately varies the iambic rhythm—making the sound “echo
the sense.”

“ Everard Grey ” is a superb specimen of dactylic trime-
ter, catalectic on one syllable—three dactyls and one equiva-
lent coesura. E. g.—

Time it has passed; and the lady is pale—

Pale as the lily that lolls on the gale:

Weary and worn she hath waited for years
Keeping her grief evergreen with her tears :—

Years will she tarry—for cold is the clay
Fettering the form of her Everard Grey.

“ The Fringilla Melodia ” is truly beautiful throughout,
possessing a natural force and grace (without effort) which
would do honor to the most noted poet in the land. We
quote the first quatrain :

Happy song-sparrow that on woodland side
Or by the meadow sits, and ceaseless sings
His mellow roundelay in russet pride,

Owning no care between his wings.

The “sits” here is not ungrammatical; the sparrow is
not invoked, The construction is nevertheless a little equi-
vocal.

“The Coming of Autumn" is spirited—but is a little too
much in the Old King Cole way.

“ The Autumn Wind ” has a noble beginning, and as no-
ble an end—but as a whole is unimpressive.

“Eleanore” has no merit at all except the effect of the
constantly recurring refrain, “ Eleanore !” and this is taken
'from Tennyson’s “ Oriana.”

“ Mary ” has some fine passages—e. g.

He watched each motion of her rustling dress,

Each lustrous movement of her liquid eyes—

Envied the air its undisturbed caress
Of her whose presence was his Paradise.

“To an Old Oak;” “To E—with a Withered Rose;”
and “The Death-Song of the Nightingale” have nothing
in them remarkable—“ Eulalie Vere ” nothing beyond the

barroques lines,

Cheeks where the loveliest of lustres reposes
On valleys of lilies and mountains of roses.

“ To the American Sky-Lark ” is professedly an imitation
of Bryant's “Waterfowl:” we need, therefore, say nothing
about it.

“ Ellena ” has some glowing thoughts. For example,

at her word

The hushed air shook, with human passion stirred.

And again:

a maniac tune

Rang in mine ears, like songs sung in a swoon.

“ The Coming of Night ” is excellent throughout—if we
except the grammatical error in the ante-penultimate line.

Oh Blessed Night that comes to rich and poor.

Here are two admirable quatrains:

Forest and field are still
Nature seems wrapt in slumber; wholly dumb,

Save when the frog’s deep bass or beetle's bum,

Or wailing whippoorwill,

Disturb her weary ear,

Or the far falling of the rippling rill

That sings, while leaping down the silent hill,

Her dreamless sleep to cheer.

“ Violet” is merely an absurd imitation of Barry Cornwall’s
most absurd Tom-Foolery.

“ A Gift” is well versified, but common-place.

“ The Owl" opens with too finely imaginative
stanzas:

When twilight fades and evening falls
Alike on tree and tower,

And silence, like a pensive maid,

Walks round each slumbering bower;

When fragrant flowerets fold their leaves,

And all is still in sleep,

The horned owl on moonlit wing
Flies from the donjon keep.

And he calls aloud “ too-whit! too-whoo !”

And the nightingale is still,

And the pattering step of the hurrying hare
Is hushed upon the bill;

And he crouches low in the dewy grass
As the lord of the night goes by,

Not with a loudly whirring wing
But like a lady's sigh.

Every critic—at least every poetical critic—will admit
that the images in these two stanzas are such as only a true
poet could conceive. At the same time they are embodied
with much art.

“A Song’’ and “Mutius Sccevola” have no particular
merit. “ The Forsaken” ends with nerve:

Well, go thy way! and never wake
The feeblest memory of me,

To wring thy worthless heart! I break
Thy chains and set thee free.

Thou to thy mirth ! I to my gloom !

Health to the coldest of the twain !

And mine—not thine—the iron doom
Of having loved in vain.

“ The Lament of Adam” is chiefly remarkable for the ef-
fect of its versification—not altogether original, to be sure,
but rare, and very forcible when well-managed. The
rhythm is dactylic, the lines terminating with equivalent
caesuras. The metre is generally tetrameter, catalectic on
one syllable (the exsura forming the catalexis)—but the

10

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

lines increase towards the closing of the stanzas, and in one
instance are hexameter catalectic. We give the last stanza:

Life hath its pleasures—but perishing they as the flowers :

Sin hath its sorrows; and, sighing we turned from those bowers:

Bright were the angels behind with their falchions of heavenly 
flame :

Dark was the desolate desert before us, but darker the depth of our
shame.

Here the alliteration is too obvious—quite overdone, and
is an instance of the hyperism to which we alluded in the
beginning of our notice.

“ The Statue-Love” is not very good.

“ May” is a remarkably line poem, with an exquisite close:

---the passionate bard

Wanders away through sylvan lonelinesses,

Alive with love—his heart a silver river

On which the swan of song floats gracefully for ever.

“Dramatic Fragments” are worth nothing. “ The Song 
of the Scald Biorne” is, to our astonishment, badly versified. 
How comes Mr. Hirst in an anapaestic rhythm, or in any
rhythm, with such a verse as—

My iron hand on her arm when before her I knelt ?

“Summer” is quite feeble.

Twenty well-constructed sonnets conclude the volume.
Among these, Bethlehem” and “ Dead Man’s Island” may
be cited as particularly good : but by way of finale to our re-
view we quote “ Astarte” as the best.

Thy lustre, heavenly star ! shines ever on me.

I, trembling like Endymion over-bent
By dazzling Dian, when with wonderment
He saw her crescent light the Latmian lea :

And like a Naiad’s sailing on the sea,

Floats thy fair form before me: the azure air
Is all ambrosial with thy hyacinth hair:

While round thy lips the moth in airy glee
Hovers, and hums in dim and dizzy dreams,

Drunken with odorous breath: thy argent eyes
(Twin planets swimming through love’s lustrous skies)

Are mirrored in my heart’s serenest streams—

Such eyes saw Shakespeare, flashing, bold and bright,

When Queenly Egypt rode the Nile at night.

Wiley and Putnam's Library of American Books. No. 11.

Tales by Edgar A. Poe. New York and London : Wiley

if Putnam.

This collection embraces the Gold Bug; the Black Cat;
Mesmeric Revelation ; Lionizing ; the Fall of the House of
Usher; the Descent into the Maelstrom; the Colloquy of
Monosand Una; the conversation of Eiros and Charmion; the
Murders in the Rue Morgue; the Mystery of Marie Roget;
the Purloined Letter and the Man of the Crowd. This is a
selection from about seventy tales, of similar length, written
by Mr. Poe. No particular arrangement has been made in
the selection. The stories published in the volume before
us, are neither better nor worse, in general, than the remain-
der of the seventy. In the composition of the whole series,
variety of subject and manner, especially diversity of inven-
tion, were the objects held in view. Of course these objects
are lost sight of, and must necessarily be sacrificed, in any
mere selection of twelve tales from seventy.

A System of Latin Versification, in a series of progressive
exercises, including specimens of translation from English
and German poetry into Latin verse. For the use of schools
and colleges. By Charles Anthon, L.L.D., professor of the
Greek and Latin languages in Columbia College, N. Y.
New York : Harper and Brothers.

This excellent work is intended as a sequel to the Treat-
ise on Latin Prosody, published a few years ago. It is a
very full and useful manual—useful, that is to say, if we
can regard the making of Latin verses as in any respect, or
under any circumstances, as a useful occupation. The mate-
rials have been collected from a great variety of sources.

As a text book the volume cannot be too highly commended.
The exercises form a regular and progressive course. A key
has been prepared, and can be obtained from the publishers
on personal application. The work is got up in the usual
admirable manner of Professor Anthon’s Classical Series.

The Trials of Margaret Lindsay. By John Wilson, author
of “Lights and Shadows of Scottish Life." Boston:
Saxton if Kelt. New York: Saxton if Miles.

In England and Scotland there is scarcely any book more
universally popular than this, and we have often wondered
why it has not been reprinted in this country. The story
is one of the most intense yet natural interest. The Ameri-
can edition is prefaced with a very judicious commentary
from the pen of Mr. Hamilton.

The Foresters. A tale of Domestic Life. By Professor
Wilson, author, fr. Boston : Saxion & Kelt. New
York: Saxton & Miles.

“ The Foresters” has been nearly, if not quite, as popular
as The Trials,” and is equally pathetic. The American
edition of this work, also, has an excellent preface by Mr.
Hamilton. The two volumes are handsomely printed.

The Modern British Essayists. Philadelphia: Carey &
Hart.

Messrs. Carey k Hart have issued in three large volumes,
the Critical and Miscellaneous Essays of Macaulay, Sidney
Smith, and Allison. Each volume is accompanied with an
admirable portrait. This collection is invaluable. For sale
in New York by Messrs. Wiley & Putnam.

Republication of the London, Edinburgh, Foreign and
Westminster Quarterly Reviews, No. 176. The Westmin-
ster Review, No. 85, for June, 1845. American Edition—
Vol. 20, No. 2. New York : Leonard Scott and Co.

We can hardly say too much in praise of the admirable
neatness and accuracy of Messrs. Scott & Co’s reprints.
They furnish for the small sum of eight dollars all the four
invaluable reviews mentioned above—any one of them for
three dollars—any two for five—any three for seven. The
June number of the Westminster (just issued) contains many
deeply interesting papers—among others, “ Old and New
London,” and an examination of Mrs. Norton’s “ Child of
the Islands.”

The London Lancet for July. New York: Burgess,
Stringer and Co.

The July number commences the second volume of the
New Series of this excellent work. Messrs. B. & S. have still
for sale a few copies of the first volume.

THE MAGAZINES.

The American Review for July has some very admirable
papers, among which we notice especially “ Marshal Mac-
donald by the clever author of “ Letters from Italy,” and a
discriminative review of Mr. Griswold’s “ Poets and Poetry
of England,” by Mr. Whipple, undoubtedly one of our finest
critics. We are truly delighted to find him so keenly appre-
ciating the magnificent genius of Tennyson. This number
contains, also, a poem, “ The Gods of Old" which does high
credit to its author, Mr. Wm. Wallace. Speaking of it the
editor of the Review says:—

The following highly imaginative poem adds a third to the list on
a beautilul and suggestive subject. It is a little remarkable that nei.
ther of them bears any resemblance in the conception or execution.
Miss Barrett’s idea is the absolute death of the ancient Divinities—



THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

11

Schiller laments the decay of their influence—the following Ode is
based on their continued existence as poetical creations which delight
the human mind.—

It cannot be doubted that Mr. Wallace's conception is the
best of the three, and he has handled it in a masterly man-
ner. We quote the concluding stanza.

V.

Like far off stars that glimmer in a cloud,

Deathless, O Gods ! shall ye illume the past:

To ye the Poet-Voice will cry aloud,

Faithful among the faithless to the last:—

Ye must not die !

Long as the dim robes of the Ages trail
O’er Delphi’s steep or Tempe’s flowery vale—

An awful Throng—

Borne upward on the sounding wings of Song
That cast the Beautiful o’er Land, o’er Sea,

Ye shall not die :

Though Time and storm your calm, old temples rend,

And, rightly, men to the “ One Only” bend—

Your Realm is Memory !

The Knickerbocker for July has also some meritorious con-
tributions—but neither man nor devil can dissuade its editor
from a monthly farrago of type so small as to be nearly in-
visible, and so stupid as to make us wish it were quite so.
In three lines devoted to the “Broadway Journal” intended
to be complimentary, we believe, although we sincerely hope
not, he makes use of what he supposes to be a French pro-
verb, and writes it Chacun a son gout, taking great pains to
place a grave accent on the verb, mistaking it for the prepo-
sition, and complimenting the hard c with a cedilla. Within
the compass of the same three lines, he talks about a nil ad-
mirari critic ; some person, we presume, having quizzed
him with the information that the meaning of nil admirari
is " to admire nothing.” We certainly do not admire Mr.
Clarke—nor his wig—but the true English of the Latin
phrase is “to wonder at nothing,” and we plead guilty to
having wondered at nothing since we have found the Knick-
erbocker sinking day by day in the public opinion in despite
of the brilliant abilities and thoroughly liberal education of
Mr. Lewis Gaylord Clarke.

MUSICAL DEPARTMENT.

French Opera at the Park.—Since our last notice of
this establishment, Donizetti’s opera La Favorite, Auber’s
Le Domino Noir, and Mayerbeer’s Robert Le Diable, have
been produced, each of them with considerable success.
Regardnig the audience, one peculiarity must be observed
and commented upon by everybody. Although the cress
circle is frequently crowded at a dollar, and the upper tier
filled to overflowing at fifty cents admission, yet the doomed
parquette rarely contains more than forty persons, thus prov-
ing beyond dispute the wholesomeness of the advice proffered 
in our last number. If the price of admission to the par-
quette were reduced to fifty cents, the receipts of the house
would be increased from fifty to a hundred dollars per night.
We should advise Mr. Davis to drop the dignity and look
to the profit. La Favorite is the first on our list. It is a
grand opera seria, and contains many striking beauties pe-
culiar to Donizetti. The Andantes are generally of a chaste,
sweet, and tender character; and if they do not possess any
originality particularly striking, they are yet earnest, and
full of passion. There is a quartette in the second act, we 
believe, which is a most charming subject, but its close is
strained, inharmonious, and by no means appropriate. The
chorus of Signori in the third act is characteristic, spirited, 
and full of point. It was well sung—indeed we might say,
admirably well: short, stern, and precise, the manner was
worthy of the matter. Indeed, we can not praise its per-

formance too highly, and the public were of our opinion,
for they encored it upon each occasion. The finales do not
call for much remark. They ate chiefly noticeable for great
noise and want of clearness. The instrumentation is, gen-
erally, very poor and thin, but some passages of exceeding
beauty relieved what else would have been monotonous
insipidity.

The plot of the opera is full of dramatic interest and strik-
ing situations. The scene is laid in Spain during the reign
of Charles XI. and the story turns upon a (supposed) circum-
stance in the life of his famous favorite, Leonora de Guseman.

Fernand, a youth of patrician birth, is a neophite in the
monastesy. He sees Leonora as she comes to pray in the
chapel, and becomes enamored of her. She is also struck
by his noble appearance, and determines that he shall not
become a monk. She procures for hint a captain’s commis-
sion, and he leaves the monastery. Fernand is introduced
to Lenora at court the next day, but is not aware of her po-
sition with the king. They become deeply attached, and
are only aroused from their dream of love by an order for
Fernand to join the army. He leaves her with regret, but
returns covered with the glory which his daring courage and
good fortune in the wars have won for him. The king dis-
tinguishes him with extraordinary favor; and Fernand embol-
dened by his kindness, asks for the hand of Leonora. This,
too, the king grants; and they are wedded. On their re-
return from the alter, he seeks for congratulation from his
friends; but they turn from him with sullen looks and ges-
tures. He asks an explanation. They tell him he has mar-
ried the king’s mistress. He is overwhelmed with astonish-
ment, sorrow, and anger. At this moment the king and Le-
onora enter. Fernand casts the king’s gifts on the ground,
repudiates his wife, and rushes out with the friendly monk.
We next see he him as a shaven monk, he having assumed
the cowl on the discovery of Leonora’s falsehood. Leonora,
humbled and repentant, leaves the court, and, arriving at
the monastery, distinguishes Fernald’s voice among the sing-
ers. Shrieking out his name, she falls upon the steps of
cross, overcome by surprise and fatigue. He rushes from
the church ; discovers Leonora ; a reconciliation takes place,
and she dies in his arms, happy in being loved and forgiven.

Although we sincerely acknowledge Calve to be an es-
pecial favourite with us, yet are we compelled to say that
in Leonora de Guzman she disappointed us. We did not expect
much, but even our moderate expectations were unfulfilled.
She sang with her usual lightness, delicacy, and finish ;
she dressed to admiration, and she looked very charming,
but she was by no means the character she assumed. She
lacked dignity of carriage, force and earnestness—in expres-
sion and feeling. In the lighter operas of Auber and Doni-
zetti, she has but one rival this side the ocean, but she
should not attempt opera seria.

Arnaud, as we predicted, is gaining rapidly in public fa-
vour. His pure school of singing could not fail to make
ample amends for the unpleasant quality of his voice. He
sung throughout in a most artistical style. His acting lacks
passion, but it is scarcely observable, so deep and earnest
is the feeling he imparts to his singing.

M. Garry, also, fully justifies our favorable opinion. He oc-
casionally indulges in a coarse and forced method of delivery,
but as a general thing, his style is good, emphatic, and
earnest.

M. Douvy, as the priest, acquitted himself in a very cre-
ditable manner, with the exception that occasionally he was
most painfully out of tune.

The band, as usual, formed the most delightful feature in

12

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

the evening’s entertainment. Its performance was admira- 
ble throughout the evening. Prevost did all that a fine leader
should do, and the band seconded his efforts to the very
letter.

The opera was, in every respect, beautifully put upon the 
stage. It forms a splendid contrast to the usual style of 
producing operas in this city. Let those who bring out
English opera bear this in mind.

Le Domino Noir met with distinguished success when 
the French company were here, two years ago. The music
indeed is of that light and fascinating character which hits 
the popular taste at once. It abounds with delicious melo- 
dies, and clever concerted pieces, whose quaintness and 
originality possess a charm, which increases in power the
more familiar the hearer becomes with the music. Auber
is a great and true artist, he is not appreciated, out of Paris,
as he should be, but the time is fast approaching when he
will be as dear to the lovers of music in this country as a
familiar household god. The instrumentation of Le Domino
Noir is light, sparkling, novel and ingenious, and was exe-
cuted by the orchestra in a manner worthy of its excellence. 

Mad'lle Calve was in this opera most entirely at home, 
whether as the lady or the simple country maiden ; in the
one she was all grace, elegance and refinement—in the other,
simple, arch, and natural. Her singing was equally to be
praised throughout, but more especially in the second act,
when repeated bursts of applause testified the delight and
approbation of the audience.

Madame Cceuriot is also entitled to our warm commenda-
tion. She sang well, acted well, dressed well, and in an
unobtrusive manner, pleasing to behold, she wins her way 
swiftly and surely into popular favour.

M. Coeuriot is the very perfection of a French lover. He
is the breathing semblance of many of Eugene Sue’s
metaphisical monstrosities. His impetuosity, though it may
come within probability, is so truly extravagant, that it be-
comes ridiculous ; we laugh where we should look sad, and
sympathize with him only as his folly places him in ludi-
crous positions. But we would not wish to seem to blame
M. Coeuriot for acting so naturally ; his is the praise—the
fault lies with the class which he so faithfully represents.
M. Coeuriot’s singing is also to be highly praised, for he uses
a voice not too good, like an accomplished artist, and ren-
ders with great fidelity all that the composer has apportioned
him. The choruses were well sung, and the ensemble was
highly gratifying. We hope to see this opera again.

Of Meyerbeer’s great work, Robert le Dioble, we cannot
speak this week, for our notice of the French Company has
already extended beyond our usual limits. We will endavour
to notice it in our next. This much we can say, that it is
produced upon a magnificent scale, and has met with dis-
tinguished success, not more flattering than deserved.

We earnestly advise all those of our musical friends who
have not heard this opera to make sure of the next perform-
ance, as it will be withdrawn after a short time.

Mr. Fry’s Opera.—We regret not having time to attend to
the Philadelphia papers this week, but we will oblige those we
have received by noticing them in our next number. Their
attempts to puff up Mr Fry’s opera would be laughable were
they not so contemptible.

We seem to be the special object of their sublime indig-
nation, and they fume and rave at us with a ferocity truly
entertaining. The only argument they use, however, to
prove that our criticism of poor Leonora was no criticism,
and to prove how impossible it is that we should be able to 

write a criticism, is the following. We beg our readers to
forbear laughing while we state it, for the charge is a grave
charge. The reason why we have not, and why we cannot,
write a criticism is—that we eat beef! Serious as this
charge is, and likely as it is to affect our moral and intel-
lectual character, yet, in the beautiful simplicity of our na-
ture, we acknowledge its truth. We do eat beef; and, by
a singular coincidence, we were dining on beef when the
papers containing this exterminating charge reached our
residence. What appetite we had left, after reading them,
may be better imagined than described.

If our modesty were not too painfully oppressive, we
would suggest that the nerve, bone, and sinew of the criti-
cisms which some folks find so difficult to digest, owe some-
thing to our partiality to that estimable beast from which
that nourishing article of food, called beef, is derived ; and
were we not singularly fearful of disturbing the naturally
amiable tempers of our Philadelphia brethren, we would, in
all kindness, suggest that, judging from the internal evi-
idences afforded by their writings, the sustenance of our
contemporaries consisted of water melons and weak gruel.

We acknowledge ourselves overcome ; for, out of all the
absurdities which they have indited, they have, at last, hit
upon one startling and important truth. But if we are hon-
est and candid enough to admit that we da live on roasts,
surely our adversaries, who labour so hard and so vainly to
write up a reputation, with like ingenuousnous, will ac-
knowledge having frequently feasted on Fries !

The foregoing remarks were in type last week, but were
unfortunately crowded out. It was our intention to refer, at
length, to two of the Philadelphia papers, so enviably pro-
minent in abusing us; but, on looking them through, we
find that they contain little else but vulgar personalities and
low abuse; and, as we cannot reply in the same strain, we
shall, after a few remarks, dismiss the subject for the present.

The person who signs himself Colley Cibber, and accuses
us of being English and eating beef, commenced his defence
of Leonora in the most grandiloqnent style, talking of Me-
mory’s Lake, &c., &c., and promised, in his next communi-
cation, to analize, dissect, dismember—nay, to reduce our
criticism to very dust. Although Colley Cibber gave but
little evidence of common sense or moderate understanding
of his subject, we were in hopes that, what with friendly
promptings and laborious researches in Burrowes’ primer or
Hunter's instruction book, we say we hoped that the person
with the English alias wonld hit upon something which
would jastify a reply. But his second article is a ridiculous
rambling rhodomontade, without point, order, or argument.
It is evident that Mr. Cibber has read our critique udon Le-
onora, and has fallen upon no point on which he could found
a reasonable objection, or support a contrary argument. In
this dilemma, he has, fortunately as he supposes, run his
head against what he calls a contradiction in our critique.
We will quote his quotation, in order that he may have the
full benefit of his discovery, and for the purpose of allowing
our readers to judge themselves of (he vast analytical powers
of this critic upon critics:

“ It is generally conceded that the great emotions which
agitate the human heart—love, jealousy, hatred, and revenge
—demand no conventional mode of expression ; they owe to
no rule their intensity of feeling ; they speak in a language
which is universal; and, whether it be the Spaniard or the
Englishman, the Italian or the German, these amotions
spring right up from the heart, and are dependent for the
truthfulness of expression upon the genius or inspiration of
the composer." Mr. Colley Cibber says: “Well, let that

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

13

pass; but see how this learned critic contradicts himself.”
Now for the contradiction. “There is a rule, however,
which is never departed from by composers of any talent—
a rule so natural that it must suggest itself to every reflecting
mind. It is, that all ballads, dances, and simple chorusses,
should be purely and entirely national. The national music
of every country is faithfully portrayed in its ballads and
dances; and if these do not partake of the national character,
the scene might as well be laid in Russia as in France, or
in China as in Spain.”

Our readers, we believe, will be as much puzzled as we
have been to discover in what particular one quotation con-
tradicts the other. The truth is plain enough that Mr.
Somebody, alias Mr. Colley Cibber, undertook a task which
he had not the capacity to accomplish.

Some papers have thrown out a doubt as to our having
been present at the performance of Leonora; others insinu-
ate that we were actuated, in our remarks, by ill feeling to-
wards the composer. To the first, we reply that we visited
Philadelphia for the express purpose of hearing the opera :
and to the last, that, having spoken to Mr. Fry but once,
and then only for five minutes, we could not possibly enter-
tain any ill will towards the gentleman. It is well known
to all with whom we spoke, previous to our visit to Phila-
delphia, how earnest we were in the hope of being able to
praise this work: nothing less would have induced us to in-
cur the expense and loss of time attendant upon the journey.
But, having heard it, we were bound to express ourself ac-
cording to its merits. We did so without fear and without
prejudice, and hence the fuss made by injudicious friends
and partizans.

Pianofortes.—Last week we were requested by Mr. T.
H. Chambers to call at his store, 385 Broadway, and ex-
amine a pianoforte which he was about to send into Virginia.
We found the instrument everyway worthy our attention.
Its compass was seven octaves, and its quality of tone was
very fine, rich and powerful, clear and brilliant, and equal
throughout the scale. The touch was light, but so well
balanced, that almost any amount of power could be pro-
cured. The case was elegant and carefully finished—in
short, it was in every way a fine instrument, and the gen-
tleman who has purchased it will find that he has invested
his money to advantage.

TOWN AMUSEMENT IN SUMMER.

THE ETHIOPIAN MUSIC.

Though the fashionable American world would fain per-
suade us, that ‘ all the world is out of town,’ at this season,
in palpable imitation of the English world of fashion,* yet,
as the streets appear tolerably full, and as the public places
are not altogether empty : as we happen to know a few
ladies and as many gentlemen, who happen to be still re-
maining in town; we take it for granted our readers may
know a few also, and hence, by a simple act of addition and
multiplication, a pretty fair body of intelligent, clever, social
persons may be collected, who require some rational public
amusements. To these we address this general and ram-
bling paper.

The theatres proper, ought to be closed all the summer,
they are open until quite too late in the season. The extreme
heat, together with the blaze of light and a crowded audi-
ence, destroy any gratification to be derive from any perfor-

* Horace Smith has written a capital paper on this tonic, in his Odi-
ties and Varieties.

mances on the stage. The French company at the Park,
draw now select houses: chiefly of their countrymen and
countrywomen. But they will do better at Niblo’s by-and
by, in a light, airy, open place, and with reduced price. The
Bowery and Chatham, ought to give way also, for the same
reason as the Park, to which might be added the rea-
sons that tragedy in hot weather is altogether too tropi-
cal, unless, it be the farce of that name. It is too exciting,
makes too much and too heavy demands on the attention and
feelings. So too of farces that makes one laugh too loud and
long. It is almost as bad as high tragedy, yet not so simu-
lating. Circus performances are a nuisance ; the least pub-
lic sympathy on the part of the audience converting the
contortions of the performers into absolute martyrdom. The
other actors deal too much in horse play.

The museums would do well enough: they give you (at
the least) far more than the value of your entrance money,
but they are crowded to suffocation, and by the extreme ra-
dical party, the great unwashed and unterrified Democracy.

If the legitimate drama be too heavy for summer, so is al-
most everything in the shape of intellectual amusement. Good
elocutionists, like Simmons and Mrs. Mowatt, draw select
audiences. Full lectures do not go down at all now. If they
do badly in January, they are dead failures in July.

Vaudeville, the lightest farce, Fairy Spectacles, &c., such
as Niblo gives one, are the only dramatic performances suited
to summer. Concerts, at Castle Garden, are best of all, out
of doors, and are, perhaps, at once, the healthiest and most
agreeable of all public amusements. And this brings us to
the principal topic we meant to touch upon.

Ethiopian Melodies have been for the past year or two
unanimously popular. Last summer, in particular, the
Plantation Niggers threatened to overthrow Rossini himself,
and Wark in Steben, fairly competed, in popular esteem,
with una voce poco fa.

Dandy Jim and Tom Rice, became the avowed rivals of
Auber and Mendelssohn. Nor could we tell, last summer,
where this enthusiasm would stop. But, now, the taste for
these native airs is on the decline, since we have been fed
on the foreign graces of the Italian opera during the winter.
Or rather, we ought perhaps to say that the liking for
this class of music, is settling down into a national fondness
for a certain species of homebred rustic melody. In truth,
the Ethiopian is our only national music, strictly; and the
sunny South, in both hemispheres, is the true region of mirth
and song and the dance—equally, in America and Europe, the
land of gallantry and generous qualities of all kinds ; the
home of hospitality ; the fountain of courtesy; the meridian
of luxury and voluptuousness.

This school of music, for such it is fast becoming, is truly
national and truly democratic. It has its home among the
slaves, and fairly represents their amusements, character,
and social condition. It combines drollery with feeling; a
peculiar broad (almost burlesque) humor, with a natural vein
of pathos: of this mixed character are most of the songs,
while the dancing airs are as near perfection in their way
[we may call it a low way, if we please, and tell the truth,]
as any music in the world. The negro has an instinctive
love of music, a capital ear, and the most accurate idea of
lime. Without any scientific knowledge of the art, he will
whistle or fiddle an air, with the utmost precision, after hav-
ing heard it played a few times. He is thought to be all
the better musician, by many, from his (general) want of
individuality and proneness to imitation. To a certain point,
he is only clever, but never gets beyond it. The airs, com-
monly supposed to be indigenous, bear a model somewhere

41

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

among old English or Scotch songs, or hymn tunes, march-
es, etc. Yet some of the negro airs, are as old, as the first
settlement of Georgia by Oglethorpe: some may be older still.
The air of Gen’l Morris’ song, “On the Lake where droops
the Willow,” is called a Southern refrain ; yet it is only the
delightful Scotch original of “ Comin’ thro’ the Rye,” with
the character of the music altered by playing it, in slower
time, and thus giving a pathetic caste to an originally
sprightly air.

In speaking of these negro songs, we must be understood
to refer to the airs, and not to the words commonly adapted
to them. In general, the libretto of the Ethiopean Opera,
is as fiat and tasteless, as that of the Stabat. The South is
still without its Metastasio.

Get the airs ;—nothing of a hot summer’s evening can be
more delightfully soothing in the way of music, than Old Jar
River and Lucy Neal well played, and for serenades, Long
Time Ago. Played with expression, the music of these three
pieces is delicious.

For liveliness and sweetness together, what can surpass,
Dandy Jim, Jim Along Josey, Lucy Long, or the Old Grey
Goose, Uncle Gabriel, Walk Along John, It Will Never Do
To Give It Up So, &c. A few of the songs have a stirring
chorus, that wakes a man up who inclines to doze over an
Italian Cadenza. Lastly, are Old Dan Tucker, the Boatmen
Row, and Coming over the Mountain, (a good thing.)

We do n’t pretend to enumerate a quarter of the fine airs.
The only genuine negro songs we have heard, in this city,
are “Good News, Tena” “Lynchburg Town” and “Walk in
Heben,” songs to be heard only from the really original band
of Dan Emmit, who performed at the Chatham Circus last
season. The other bands, (there are at least ten) contain
some good, but more indifferent performers who distort broad
humour into the most extravagant burlesque. The Serena-
ders at Palmo's sing well and act cleverly, but they sing
mostly parodies, and not always the genuine music. Every
museum and public garden has its band. We heard some
very clever fellows last summer, on board of a steamboa
that made trips to the fishing banks; and at Hoboken, also.
In this company was one of the most original violin players
we ever saw, who held his bow every way, and fiddled in
a matchless style. Broken down gentlemen, sporting cha-
racters, and all sorts of people, find their way into these
associations.

Many vulgar-minded persons speak of this music as low.
Such persons (if entitled to judge at all) should disconnect
the ideas of place and performers, front the music itself. No
music can be, essentially, degraded, that has in it the ele-
ments of truth and simplicity. These essential features
cannot be mistaken, by however humble minstrels sung, or
to whatever song they may be unhappily married.

Go then, we advise, ye fanatics per la musica, a few times,
to hear these minstrels! the places they fill, are worth vis-
iting occasionally, for the study of character, and the rich in-
cidents, that sometimes occur in them. Get your wives and
daughters, or sisters and cousins, to play the airs, repeatedly.
They will not destroy the taste for pure and fine music;
though their melody may beget a distaste for the more com-
plete harmonies of the German Muse.

Summer is the proper season for hearing this music. It
accords with the season. You can easily change the scene,
of a hot evening from the green at Hoboken, or Palmo’s, to a
southern plantation. You see many from Georgia, the Car-
olinas, and Alabama among the audience. Out of doors

•Southern Minstrels, Kentucky Minstrels, Carolina Minstrels. Far
River Roarers, &c., &c., &c.

through the open windows you hear negro voices calling
‘ hot corn’ or ‘I—scream.’ In winter, these adjuncts are
wanting, and the music sounds spiritless, in consequence.

The turn for music and dancing in the negro, is wonderful.
What dancers, what scrapers on the violin, can be made out
of a fellow who has not three ideas to boast of! The sweeps
along the streets are vocalists of no mean rank. They sing
a chaunt, duetts on either side of the way, admirably, and
whistle to perfection. As to mere time and agility, and
awkward steps of all kinds gracefully conquered; the negro
rivals Fanny Ellsler, on the present idol, Cerito.	J.

THE COLISEUM.

Type of the antique Rome ! Rich reliquary
Of lofty contemplation left to Time
By buried centuries of pomp and power!

At length—at length—after so many days
Of weary pilgrimage and burning thirst,

(Thirst for the springs of lore that in thee lie,)

I kneel, an alter’d and an humble man,

Amid thy shadows, and so drink within
My very soul thy grandeur gloom and glory !

Vastness ! and Age ! and Memories of Eld !

Silence! and Desolation! and dim Night!

I feel ye now—I feel ye in your strength—

O spells more sure than e’er Judaenn king
Taught in the gardens of Gethsemane!

O charms more potent than the rapt Chaldee
Ever drew down from out the quiet stars !

Here, where a hero fell, a column fulls!

Here, where the mimic eagle glared in gold,

A midnight vigil holds the swarthy bat!

Here, where the dames of Rome their gilded hair
Waved to the wind, now wave the reed and thistle!
Here, where on golden throne the monarch loll’d,

Glides, spectre-like unto his marble home,

Lit by the wan-light of the horned moon.

The swift and silent lizard of the stones!

But stay ! these walls—these ivy-clad arcades—

These mould’ring plinths—these sad and blacken’d shafts—
These vague entablatures—this crumbling frieze—

These shatter’d cornices—this wreck—this ruin—

These stones—alas ! these gray stones—are they all—

All of the fam’d, and the colossal left
By the corrosive Hours, to Fate and me?

“ Not all"—the Echoes answer me—“ not all!

“ Prophetic sounds and loud, arise forever
"From us, and from all Ruin, unto the wise,

“ As melody from Memnou to the Sun.

“ We rule the hearts of mightiest men—we rule
“ With a despotic sway all giant minds.

“ We are net impotent—we pallid stones.

" Not all our power is gone—not all our fame—

“ Not all the magic of our high renown—

“ Not all the wonder that encircles us—

“ Not all the mysteries that in us lie—

“ Not all the memories that hung upon
“ And cling around about us as a garment,

“ Clothing us in a robe of more than glory."

ALEXANDER VON HUMBOLDT’S “COSMOS.”
The publication or Alexander von Humboldt’s “ Cosmos,”
has engaged the attention of the most distinguished public
writers in Germany. The late number of the “Deutsche
Schnellpost ’ contains a critick of the work from Berlin, ad-
dressed to the editor of a newspaper in Cologne.

The following is a true translation of it.—Ebs. B. J.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

15

The first volume of Alexander von Humboldt’s “ Cosmos
Sketches of a Physical Oosmoarapy,” has just been publish-
ed, and it is no more than natural that this work should be-

come the topic of the conversation of the day, not only among
the literary classes, but also the educated generally; and, in-
deed, for this double reason, that the publication of the
“ Cosmos,” such as Alexander von Humboldt has treated it,
is in itself a matter of universal interest, and that this work,

besides, has a special relation to the more scientific portion
of society. When in the years 1827 and 1828, the learned 
author who has traversed the whole world, delivered public
lectures on Physical Cosmography alternately in the great
hall of the singing-academy, and in a lecture-room of the
university of this city, he was listened to with enthusiastic
applause. The information which those lectures afforded, is
yet in fresh memory in Berlin. All that time the lectures 
were written down by many, and—it may justly be said—
with passion ; it was also rumoured that they should appear
in print, which, however, did not ensue. And now these lec-
tures are presented to us at once from Alexander von Hum-
boldt’s master-pen, and, even, more of them, and, indeed, 
something more valuable; for, although the “Cosmos”
treats on the same subject as those lectures did, and is sub-
divided just as they were ; yet with the exception of the in-
troductory words of those lectures (observations on the
variety of the enjoyment of nature, and a scientific explana-
tion of the laws of the world), which occupy some 40 and
odd pages, the whole is written newly, and the work, there-
fore, contains the latest results of sciences and the last con-
clusions drawn from them upon the mind and understanding.
The work is one of the finest and most finished blossoms
which the cultivation of natural sciences has ever produced.

To state what and how much it contains would be beyond
the limits of a newspaper article ; suffice it to say, that the
work when once finished, as may amply be inferred from the
first volume, will contain the whole of natural sciences taken
up from their latest results. The single results of the inves-
tigation of nature arranged encyclopedically, by no means
constitute the contents of the work, but only afford a most
general view. The work exhibits the worth and close con- 
nexion of all the laws of nature. Astronomy, natural phi-
losophy, chemistry, natural history and geology, appear by it 
a living whole. The “ Cosmos” may be likened to a burn-
ing-glass by which all investigations in natural philosophy
are reflected on the mind of the reader in a cleared state and
united in an organic whole.

The almost infinite combination of experience and facts
which were to be illustrated for such a great aim and ex-
hausted in generality, renders the work, written as it is, in 
the usual style of Alexander von Humboldt, a cheering and
popular one, and which especially astonishes him who knows
fully to appreciate the abundance of its contents. Every
other reader, to whom the information is imparted so easily,
is far from anticipating its extent, because every thing dev2elops
itself in such a natural and easy manner. And this would
prove a test of the value of the work if it were not yet estab-
lished. The most excellent manner of illustration is, the
reason why the work is read with such a lively interest, as
though it were the most interesting volume of polite litera-
ture.

It would be most fortunate for our times if such a pheno-
menon would contribute to advance the taste for the sublime
in natural sciences. The odious religious controversy which
now excites and occupies too much society and its external
organs—the newspapers, would then easily and rapidly ar-
rive at its end. A. von Humboldt has dedicated the
“ Cosmos” in profound reverence and with hearty thanks, to
the King of Prussia.

PIANO FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

 (formerly Conductor to Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway,
will keep a complete assortment of the largest approved Grand Action
Piano Fortes, of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to
guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish,
and to endure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard
prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on
hire.

James pirsson, piano forte manufac-

TURER, 88, 90, & 92 Walker street, near Elm A large stock of
the finest Instruments always on hand. Terms moderate.

FOR SALE—A splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a great
bargain tor cash

INTERESTING WORKS

JUST PUBLISHED BY

HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW-YORK.

THE NEW REFORMATION.

Now ready, with curious Illustrative Plate, price 25 cents, or Muslin,
37 1-2 cents.

JOHN RONGE,

THE HOLY COAT OF TREVES,

AND THE NEW GER. CATHOLIC CHURCH.

Including authentic details of the events connected with the recent
exhibition of the pretended “ Coat of our Lord ” in the Cathedral of
Treves, during the months of August and September, 1844: compris-
ing the letters and protestations of the author against the imposition
and superstitions of the Roman Catholic priests, &c.

This publication is exceedingly opportune; it will be perused with
deep interest by the Protestant community at large.—Commercial Ad-
vertiser.

The noble protest of Ronge has been circulated in Germany, not by
thousands, but by millions of copies ; and it has been hailed with loud
applause by all classes, because it expeesses a public sentiment, and
finds a response in all hearts.—New York Observer.

PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES.

In one volume, 12mo., beautifully printed, price 75 cts.

A PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES,

THROUGH THE VALLEY OF THE MEUSE, AND THE FOREST OF
ARDENNES.

BY CHARLES EDWARD ANTHON, Esq.

This is the production of a young American, who had the rare for-
tune to be present at the most marvellous occurrence of the 19th cen-
tury—the exhibition of the Holy Robe. In addition to a very graphic
description of this extraordinary event, which, from the excitement it
has created, seems destined to be an era in the Christian Church, this
unpretending volume is replete with antiquarian lore, relating to the
city of Charlemagne, from which the " Pilgrimage ” commences—
the intermediate historic and poetic ground ; and of the once renowned
city of Treves, with which it closes. It is the work of a scholar, and
cannot fail to enlist a profound interest.—Oswego Advertiser.

MR. PRESCOTT’S HISTORICAL WORKS.

In 3 volumes 8vo, beautifully printed and accompanied with fine En-
gravings.

HISTORY OF

THE CONQUEST OF MEXICO.

WITH A LIFE OF THE CONQUERER, HERNANDO CORTES,
AND A VIEW OF ANCIENT MEXICAN CIVILIZATION.

BY WILLIAM H. PRESCOTT, Esq.

Mr. Prescott appears to possess almost every qualification for his
task; he has a pure, simple, and eloquent style—a keen relish for the
picturesque—a quick and discerning judgment of character, and a calm,
generous and enlightened spirit of philanthropy, There is no exag-
geration in stating that his “ Conquest of Mexico” contains most of trie
valuable qualities which distingush the most popular historical writers
in our language of the present day. It unites the chivalrous but truth-
ful enthusiasm of Col. Napier, and the vivacity of the accomplished
author of the " Siege of Granada,” with the patient and ample research
of Mr. Tytler.—Edinburgh Review, May, 1845.

In 3 volumes 8vo, uniform with the above, with Portraits and Maps.

HISTORY OF THE

REIGN OF FERDINAND AND ISBAELLA,
THE CATAOLIC.

BY WILLIAM H. PRESCOTT, Esq.

The Tenth Edition.

It would be altogether supererogatory to make this celebrated work
the subject of critical analysis, since it has so long been distinguished
by the concurrent and enthusiastic applause of the whole reading com-
munity. We know of scarcely any other work so amusing, instruc-
tive, and powerfully attractive as the " History of Ferdinand and Isa-
bella ;” it possesses every charm which elegance of diction, graceful-
ness of style, and interest of subject can impart. In a word, it is such
a production as could only have emanated from a mind richly stored
with the wealth of sound learning, genius, and the felicitous art of its
application—N. Y. Review.

PIANO FORTES. —A. G. GALE & CO.s Ware-

Rooms, No. 289 Broadway — Manufactory Third Avenue, corner
of 13th Street.

Purchasers are invited to call and examine their extensive assort-
ment of Rosewood and Mahogany Piano Fortes, with from six to
seven octaves, embracing every variety of patterns, made in their well-
known substantial manner, under their immediate and personal super-
intendence, by skillful and experienced mechanics, from the best sea-
soned materials.

These instruments embrance many important improvements, which
will recommend themselves, and are finished in the highest state of
perfection, with the best French grand action, warranted in every re-
spect by the manufacturer.

16

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

A CARD.

WM. A. KINO, PROFESSOR of the PIANO-

FORTE, ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank street,
where his terms for giving instruction can be ascertained. my17

PIANO ORTE MANUFACTURER.—JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near Elm. A
Large Stock of the finest instruments always on hand. Terms mode-
rate. FOR SALE—A Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a
great bargain for cash.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made
from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful
workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the business.

N. B. Wanted, a second-hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes on hire by the month.

PIANO FORTES.—JOHN PE THICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to
the elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establish-
ment, corner of Cottage Placer and Bleecker street, which he will sell
at prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twen-
ty years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two
of the largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying that
his instruments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the
best makers in this country or Europe, and that they contain all the
real improvements of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and
Repaired.

New York, April 23d, 1845.

PIANO FORTES. The Subscribers, while return-

ing thanks to their numerous friends and to the public, would, at
the same time call attention to their Stock of Instruments, of six and
seven octaves, just finished, in elegant Rosewood and mahogany cases.

The subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM, 361 Broadway.
Manufactory, 13th st., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

THE BOEHM FLUTE

NEW INVENTION.

Adopted at the Royal Academy of Music, London, the Conservato-
ire at Paris, and the Principal Musical Institutions in Europe.

MR. LARRABEE, Manufacturer of the ‘Boehm Flute,’

110 Fulton St. N. Y., anxious to introduce to the Amateurs of
this city the above Imported Invention, which has been so enthusi-
astically received and generally used by the most distinguished Eu-
ropean artists, feels happy in being able to place before them the
following testimonial to its merits, signed by two of the most distin-
guished of our resident Artists.

We hereby testify to the excellence of the Boehm Flute, as manufac-
tured by Mr. J. D. Larrabee; to the beauty of its tone, the perfec-
tion of its tune, and the simplicity of its fingering, which renders
a brilliant execution comparatively easy.

Philip Ernest, (who has already introduced it
successfully among his pupils.)

John A. Kyle, Principal Flute of the Philhar-
monic Society, and Italian Opera, Professor and Teacher of the Boehm
Flute, 41 Forsyth st. New York.

Amateurs and Professors are requested to call at the manufactory
110 Fulton st. and judge for themselves.	

VANDENHOFF’S ELOCUTION.

SECOND EDITION.—This valuable work is being

introduced into a large number of the best Schools in the City and
Country.

It only needs to be generally known to become universally estab-
lished.

Testiomonials are received from every quarter.

From Rev. R. F. Burnham, Rector of St. Paul’s Church, Hoboken.

" Having seen with much pleasure, a second edition, by your house,
of “ A Plain System of Eloculion,” I beg leave to express to you my
opinion of the high merit of that work.

Its title is in keeping with the plan pursued in the book ; a rare fact
in this age of making many books. In the work may he found what
this age needs a System of Elocution, that presents to the learner
something tangible; and that combines meaning with beauty, and
beauty with force.

I hereby express the opinion that the Principals of Seminaries of
Learning would benefit the department of Elocution, by the introduc-
tion of Mr. Vandenhoff’s System.”

C. SHEPARD, Publisher,

191 Broadway, opposite John-street.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

THE FIRST PREMIUM AWARDED FIVE YEARS BY THE AMERICAN INSTI-
TUTE FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF-HAND PENMANSHIP.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-RUEPING ACADEMY,

No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

AJ tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough course
of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and Sta-
tionery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P. M., daily, for gentlemen,
and from 11 to 1 o’clock, for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

PAINE AND BURGESS,

62 JOHN STREET, N. Y.,

ARE just sending to press a New Series of Choice
Works, selected from the Prose Literature of Italy. Translated
and Edited by Edwards Lester, U. S. Consul at Genoa, auther of the
“ Glory and Shame of England,” &c., &c. This series will be made
up of original translations of the best works of the best Italian writers,
with original notes and sketches in illustration of the Genius, the Lives
and Times of the Authors. Five vols. are ready for the Press.

1. Ettore Fieramosca, or the Challenge of Barlotta, an Historical
Romance of the Times of the Medici, by Agegbio.

2 and 3, The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli.

4, The Autobiography of Alfieri.

These numbers will be issued in quick succession, in beautiful style,
and sold for fifty cents per volume. The object of this series is to
make known to the American people the Literature of Italy.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

SIR —WE WILL THANK YOU TO CAUTION

the public against a set of imposters who are calling upon our cus-
tomers, asserting that they are engaged by us in the capacity of agents.
In several instances they have succeeded in obtaining orders. But
when the goods are delivered great dissatisfaction has been given by
the infamous and utterly base imitations. But still persisting that the
cards are our manufacture, they too often succeed in foisting them
upon the unsuspecting. We ourselves would strenuously caution the
said parties that, should they persist after this notice, we will try what
effect a State Prison will have upon them.

We are, Sir, Yours most obt’y,

J. B. CAREY‘S & CO ,
Ornamental Show Card Manufacturers,

34 Beckman street, (late 323 Broadway.)
An agent wanted for New York City. Also one for New York State
—whose name will be published as our authorized agent.

BERTINI’S METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive work
yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this me-
thod, the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases.
The most prominent feature of this work is that the lessons, exerci-
ses, scales and studies are given in such progressive order, that they
enlist the interest of pupils, and carry them almost imperceptibly
through those mechanical difficulties which, otherwise, are too often
made irksome in other instruction books. The time has arrived when
a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account, and it is
only by the study of such methods as Bertini’s that pupils will be ena-
bled to read music with facility, and at the same time become good
musicians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner; the
rudiments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and
each lesson is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

The publishers arc in possession of the highest recommendations
from professional gentlemen, who speak of the superior merits of
Bertini’s Method over all others yet published in this country, most
of them having used the foreign copies previously. It will only be
necessary to give a few of the names in the principal cities.

Boston.	New-York.

Messr. G. J. Webb,	Messrs. H. C. Timm,

J. G. Maedar,	W. Alpers,

H. T. Hach,	U. C. Hill,

E. L. White,	F. H. Brown,

David Paine,	Philadelphia.

A. Kurek,	B. C. Cross,

T. B. Moses.	Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw.

Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the
work. American edition published by E. H. WADE aud W. H.
OAKES, 197 Washington street, Boston

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co.....................Boston, Mass.

Colon & Adriance,.................Philadelphia, Pa.

R. G. H. HUNTINGTON,.............Hartford, Ct.

George Jones......................Albany, N. Y.

Thomas H. Pease..................New-Haven, Ct.

L. Willard........................Troy.

JOHN DOUGLAS, Printer, 106 Fulton-street, New-York