THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, AUGUST 9, 1845.	NO. 5.

Eulalie—A Song.

I dwelt alone

In a world of moan,

And my soul was a stagnant tide,

Till the fair and gentle Eulalie became my blushing bride—
Till the yellow-haired young Eulalie became my smiling bride.

Ah, less—less bright
The stars of the night
Than the eyes of the radiant girl!

And never a flake
That the vapor can make
With the moon-tints of purple and pearl,

Can vie with the modest Eulalie’s most unregarded curl—

Can compare with the bright-eyed Eulalie’s most humble and care-
less curl.

Now Doubt—now Pain
Come never again,

For her soul gives me sigh for sigh,

While all day long
Shines, bright and strong,

Astarté within the sky,

And ever to her dear Eulalie upturns her matron eye—

And ever to her young Eulalie upturns her violet eye.

EDGAR A. POE.

More Words with Alciades.

Since the night I supped with Alcibiades, or rather since the
symposium, where Alcibiades in the spirit was with me, I
had forgotten that he had promised to come and catch some
glimpse of the modern drama. Since that time, by some as-
sociation, not at present intelligible, but with which Alcibi-
ades (who had been initiated in the Eleusinian mysteries)
must have been familiar, and Mesmerism or the Persian
Magia, may some day explain—whenever I slept, my mind
was apt to recur to that imaginary conversation. In the
evening crepuscula, not long after, when a cool and refresh-
ing breeze had followed in the footsteps of an African day, I
was roused from a siesta, (a habit of yielding to these lux-
uries, I learned from some Spanish friends,) by a gentle tap
at my chamber-door. Not more surprised was the lover of
the lost Lenore, at the unseemly raven’s entrance, than I by
the salutation of a classic troupe, headed by my friend Alci-
biades, consisting of Sallustius; Pratinas, the Athenian actor;
the glorious Calderon ; and our own immortal dramatist,
Shakspeare. Besides these, were others of the plebs umbra-
rum, among whom the most conspicuous were three fe-
males, (whom by some inscrutable mental process, I recog-
nised as Sappho, Corinna, and Aspasia,) escorted by one of
our own day, Walter Savage Landor.

Alcibiades was dressed as he was at our last symposium.
In fact, the luxurious Greeks, even in their attire, were more
consistent than we; changing often the garments, but never

Three Dollars per Annum.
Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.

EDITED BY

EDGAR A. POE AND HENRY C. WATSON.

Published at 135 Nassau St.
By JOHN BISCO.

the fashion of the garb. One thing struck me, however—
that the robe he wore, bore not the least resemblance to that
of Macready, or Anderson, in the character of Gisippus;
equally unlike which was the senatorial purple of Sallus-
tius. From them, however, I turned quickly to look upon
Shakspeare. Picture to yourselves his high and thoughtful
brow—his manly athletic form, clad in the sad-colored doub-
let and ruff which Vandyke so loved to paint, with the dark
chestnut hair parted in the middle, falling profusely over his
shoulders, and you will have evoked the very type of the
Norman Saxon, the true Cavalier, who, fifty years later than
Shakspeare lived, would have fought for Charles. So Shaks-
peare appeared to me. Near to him I saw a gallant looking
blade in the bravery of the same age, of whom I shall have
more to say anon.

After a few incidental remarks, said Alcibiades: “I and
these shadows of shades, as Saliustius would call them, are
come to witness a new comedy, the rumor forerunning which,
we have caught the echo of ϵυϵρϴϵυ, and before we go
to the theatre, wish you to supply for us something like the
προϓϵϒοuϵυa which our grammarians prefixed to the ma-
nuscripts of ancient plays; that we may form some juster
idea of what is that Fashion which the Comic Poet has taken
for the theme of the new play. To tell you the truth, we
can form no idea of that enigmatical word !”

What presents no difficulties to ourselves, we are prone
to imagine equally plain to others—and therefore, at first,
the question of Alcibiades very much astonished me, on ac-
count of its apparent simplicity. In a second or two, how-
ever, I wished very much for Leslie’s aid, that by one of his
witty and antithetical remarks, he might extricate me from
a dilemma. He, however, not being with me, I attempted to
make the best explanation in my power—which was some-
what after this manner:

“Fashion is the peculiar mode arrogated by those who
hold their way of doing things, to be essentially the way in
which things should be done ; not that this way is the best,
or even the pleasantest; and they do not desire in these mat-
ters their example to be followed; because, were this the
case, fashion would lose its charm. They would have it,
as it were, a religion to be believed in, a kind of worship of-
fered at altars, of which they should be the priests, and no
hand but theirs be esteemed meet to make the libation. Its
objects are manifold—the wearing of the toga ; the school
of philosophy; the dish to be partaken of, and the manner of
partaking of it; the things to be talked of and the manner of
talking of them; the place to walk, and the manner of walk-
ing ; in fact, as far as may be, the very mode of thought, and
all earthly things, spiritual or mental, come within its com-
pass and the dominion which it claims. In fine, oh, Alci-
biades ! it is easy to say when you sin against the bequests
of this inscrutable power, but not to say what are its rights
and demands.”

“ I think I understand you. Fashion permits not its adherents

66

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

to drink wine or dally with dancing girls ; it does not permit
what Socrates would call indecencies ?”

“You err: fashion does not forbid these things, it rather
approves them.”

“It is this, then, which now makes you pay such atten-
tion to certain studies and arts ?”

“ By no means. Fashion is a substitute for all arts. Want
of fashion renders all knowledge useless, and fashion renders
ignorance excusable. It excuses vice ; it oppresses virtue;
it does anything it pleases!”

“I do not understand you, and possibly will not; so I will
not torment you with more questions.”

Said Shakspeare: “ I possibly may make my self intelligible.
Fashion is the moral, physical, and esoteric bearing of the
great. Therefore is it that it changes so suddenly, because
the great of to-day are by no means those of yesterday. For
instance: The Earl of Essex, in the days of Queen Elizabeth,
was not always her favorite; and Falstaff, the favorite of
Prince Hal, was not admitted at the Court of King
Henry.”

“ By-the-bye,” said Landor, “ was Elizabeth virtuous ? and
are the tales told of Raleigh, my friend here, (he was the gal-
lant who stood by the side of Shakspeare,) of Essex, Leices-
ter, and others, true ?”

Shakspeare replied in a stern voice: “No slander, sir,
about Queen Elizabeth!” and immediately continued to de-
fine fashion, as the echo in the hearts of the many, of the
thoughts of the few. (I use here my own language.)

We sate and chatted over the new play ; not, however, in
soberness, for I uncorked a bottle of œil de perdrix, which
seemed wonderfully to take the fancy of my friends.

Said Alcibiades: “ I feel a God! Verily, it bursteth through
my lips, diviner than the inspiration of the Pythoness. Hebe
has poured out to the Olympiadae nothing so delicious! The
nectar of the Gods is to it as nothing ! Again—again fill up !
The bubbles rise to the sun like the afflatus of a God, or
spirits soaring towards Olympus. We knew not that wine
in our day—where grew it ?”

“ In Gaul, in the country of the Allobroges.”

“In Gaul! nay, verily you err; it cannot have been among
the Allobroges; for I have heard merchants from Massillia
say that Gaul beyond the Alps produced no wine; the Gaul
nearest Italy is somewhat milder.”

“ Ah ! so it was; but that now is changed, and no wine
is better than that of Champagne and the Rhine.”

We went to the theatre and sate, not too conspicuously, in
one of the side boxes. On that night, there was a fair array
of beauty in the dress circle, and more than one bright dame
sate eyeing herself in the glances cast on her by numerous
admirers. At length, the corner of the curtain was drawn
back, and the actor whose task it was to speak the prologue,
advanced to the foot of the stage. Alcibiades was as atten-
tive to him as possible, and from that time to the end of the
first act, spoke scarcely a word. He evidently pondered
upon what could be the meaning of the dialogue ; missing
the explanation which, had the play been Grecian, Zeke, or
Millinette, would have given. Of them he had nothing
to say; possibly because he esteemed their characters too
unimportant to merit comment. The Count, however, he
at once began to compare with the parasite of some of
the plays of Menander. Upon this point, I regret to say, I
was unable to follow him ; having little of that information I
ever esteemed more curious than useful, touching those last
works.

“ The chaplet of Aristophanes,’’said I, “need fear no com-

parison with the leaf to be bestowed on the work now being
performed.”

“Ah no; there is no similitude between them: this com-
edy more resembles old Menander. The comedies of Aris-
tophanes were not written simply to paint a moral; they had
all some philosophical or political objects, viz: the destruc-
tion of the influence of Socrates, and the exalting of the
power of the wealthier classes. Only in one play has he
condescended even to notice the literary contests of the
greatest of our two tragedians.”

Thus we chatted until the curtain rose again. The poet he
seemed to esteem an useless character enough. The old
maid, he remarked, might, without any violation of the pro-
priety of her character, have been made to give some ex-
planation of the involved nature of the plot, for she is a gos-
siping, talkative creature, doing and saying things she knew
not why. That passion the dramatic poet might have taken
advantage of.

“ There is in the character of the fable nothing dramatic,”
said Alcibiades; and I was compelled to agree with him;
not meaning that there is no incident crowded into its acts,
but that no dilemma, no great mistake pervaded the whole
action. The heroine of the serious part of the drama seem-
ed to please my companion much, and he pronounced her,
even, very tragic. The other part, Mrs. Tiffany, in itself un-
gracefully conceived, was ungracefully performed; and too
refined to be amused at forced errors of grammar and phra-
seology, Alcibiades found her róle very tedious. The blus-
tering character of the old farmer, like the sailor-like per-
sonages in the plays of Menander, he passed by as a matter
of course, and gave up his whole attention to the Count.

“For the sake of your institutions,” said he, “of that re-
publicanism which was the boast of Athens, as it is of At-
lantis, I trust this character satirizes an individual, not a
class. I trust there is more pride of country—that you look
more contemptuously upon strangers. Some countrymen of
yours who joined us below, in the last year, told something
of a contest in a city of Philadelphia, between two parties,
the watch-word of one of which was, “ Americans should
rule America." I see not how this can be, if you permit
strangers to intermarry with you. Do so, and the women,
ever prone to run after something new, will always prefer a
broidered robe of whose texture they are ignorant, even to
a garment of a cloth of gold, woven at home. So it was
though, once with us: the father of Miltiades, a Thracian,
with some eastern refinements, won the fairest of our Athe-
nian maids. For this however he made us some reparation,
and gave us his son, whose name is, I suppose, unforgot-
ten.”

“Miltiades unforgotten! aye, and will remain so while
Greece and Persia are remembered. But the course of
things with us is different: we wish to exclude foreigners
from civil rights, but would admit them to social equality.”

“ In that you err. There must be an uniform system
throughout; if you admit them to a social equality you can
not refuse them the rights of the agora."

“ Our laws teach that all men are equal.”

“Your laws inculcate that maxim, but your practice con-
tradicts it. Have not the men in your southern districts
slaves? Like the Ionians, they have somewhat varied from
the customs of the rest of their brethren. They have taken
something of the Persian refinement. Men of warm cli-
mates are ever luxurious.”

When the play was over, the party accompanied me home,
where, after a few cursory remarks, the play was dismissed,
as being below all criticism, while the manner in which it

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

67

was represented, was esteemed worthy of the highest praise.
We made merry with more than one flagon of that cham-
paigne which previously had seemed so much to delight Alci-
biades. Strangely enough, Landor and the ladies (except
Aspasia) were water-drinkers. She, however, took to the
œil de perdrix kindly, as her pet had done, and casting her-
self back in her chair, drank it with the gusto of a Bacchan-
te. Sallust did not like the champaigne so well, drinking in
preference the Markbrunnen, to which I confess I set him a
fair example, ever thinking the strong Rhenish wines a very
pretty tipple.

One cannot drink, however, either the one or the other
with impunity, and in a short time Sallust began to feel
most deliciously Epicurean, and to assert that the summum
bonum was pleasure. Indeed he was a fair specimen of that
school, physically speaking; a fat round paunch, which shook
as he walked ; a face rosy with wine and fun ; the whitest
teeth and the merriest smile conceivable.

“Per Jovem!’’ said he, “ it recalls to me the sports I had
with Lentulus and Catiline in the days when Cicero was
Consul. Poor Catiline! history has done him an injustice.
Little thought I, when I wrote my Catilinarian War, that
posterity would fancy a piece of serious satire to be history.
Aspasia, you should have known him; the difference be-
tween us was, that he was proud, and would not disown
anything he did, even to please the Censor. Therefore
it was old Cato hated him so. He carried that boldness even
to a fault. Witness his presenting himself in the Senate
house, on the day of the discovery of his plan. Cæsar went
there with impunity, for though cognizant of the plan, he
had not overtly participated in it. Nothing but mens conscia
recti, a conviction that he was toiling for the good of the
Roman people, enabled him to brave the Senate. Cicero,
however, in his eastern government, had learned something
of Persian magic, and raised a spell Catiline could not al-
lay.”

Aspasia had listened to this impatiently, and turning to
Alcibiades said, “come sit by me, my pet, as you used to do,
while I toyed with your curls. While I do so Corinna or
Sappho will sing to us one of those odes which made Lesbos
holy as Marathon or Platæa.”

He obeyed her, while Corinna, without any of that shame-
facedness so often affected in modern days, thus sung:

Our native land ! our fathers’ land!

Still the Ӕgean laves its strand,

As when Platæa’s hero band

Obtained the victor’s palm.

Still the laurel and the vine
In its woods’ recesses twine,

And oft the peasant maids combine
Their tender leaves in crowns.

But rarely—oh how rarely now!
Those crowns are for a victor’s brow,

For Greeks must to a stranger bow,

As ne’er their fathers did.

’Tis true, beneath a tyrant’s sway,

Our fathers knelt in earlier days,

Put then their kings were Greeks—not they
Who rule our country now.

We wept to leave our friends and home,

We trembled when the hour was come,

Like marble, passionless and dumb,

We trod the ghostly shore.

But now, in thankfulness we bless
The Gods that spared us the distress

To see Barbaric lords possess

Our hearths and fathers’ graves.

“ Per Jovem! I agree with you Corinna. Canaris or
Mavrocordato should have been king of Greece, or Alexan-
der Ypsilanti; not yon dolt of a German who sleeps near
the spots where Socrates taught and Demosthenes thunder-
ed.”

“ The English people,” said Count Anthony, “ have a pas-
sion for Dutchmen : having chosen one for themselves, they
seem to think consistency requires they should do as much
for others. Les pauvres Grecs et les braves Beiges! Ah !
in my time, what with the Highlanders and les Irlandais
they could do nothing more than keep possession of their,
island-homes. But they have re-enacted Cressy and Poictiers,
and absolutely have been in Paris. What would the Regent
have said to this ? And his grandson now is not King of
France, but Roi des Francois. Well, there is a difference.”

“Come, Sallust,” said Aspasia, “Alcibiades cannot sing,
but he can admire music. Sing you something!”

“ Most willingly:

Philosophers tell us in story
That care is the lot of mankind—

That its love and its riches and glory
All fade and leave nothing behind.

That e’en o’er the son of Alcmœna
Whose labors now all the world sings,

Like a corse in the deadly arena,

Heedless, the winter wind rings.

That Crœsus, in long vanished ages,

Saw his wealth and his fortune decay,

And that we, as erst reasoned the sages,

Repent of the years flown away.

Now all that they say may be true ;

But Bacchus I tell you was blest,

He was gayer, the graver he grew,

And, a God, now he’s taking his rest.”

“ That leaf, Sallust, came not from Horatius’ chapter, or
from Catullus.”

“ No,” said Sallust, “ it is from a poet almost unknown.
I heard a Spanish slave, one day, sing it at the baths. As
it took my fancy, for a few sesterces he wrote it in my tab-
lets. Fill up though ! Fillup! When you join us below,
my fine fellow, we’ll do the honors to you.”

“Holy mother forfend !” said I.

The words had no sooner passed my lips than I awoke.

FAY. ROBINSON.

Greek Mariner’s Song.

On yonder wave-girt cliff behold—

Her bine eyes gazing o’er the sea,

Robed in her flowing locks of gold—

The syren maid, Parthenopé!

Oh! brightly through the dashing spray
Gleam her fair feet the crag that press—

White as the waves that round them play,
Enamoured of her loveliness.

There, just emerged from out the brine,

As Aphrodite fair, she stands;

She sings to me in strains divine,

She wares to me her beauteous hands.

Put up the helm for where yon isle
Enshrines my radiant deity !

For i would live but in her smile,

Or die beneath its witchery!

MARY E. HEWITT

68

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

The Man That Was Used Up.

A TALE OF THE LATE BUGABOO AND KICKAPOO CAMPAIGN.

Pleurez, plenrez, mes yeux, et fondez vous en eau!

La moitie de ma vie a mis l’ autre au tombeau.

Corneille.

I cannot just now remember when or where I first made
the acquaintance of that truly fine-looking fellow, Brevet
Brigadier General John A. B. C. Smith. Some one did in-
troduce me to the gentleman, I am sure—at some public
meeting, I know very well—held about something of great
importance, no doubt—at someplace or other, I feel convinc-
ed—whose name I have unaccountably forgotten. The truth
is—that the introduction was attended, upon my part, with
a degree of anxious embarrassment which operated to pre-
vent any definite impressions of either time or place. I am
constitutionally nervous—this, with me, is a family failing,
and I can’t help it. In especial, the slightest appearance of
mystery—of any point I cannot exactly comprehend—puts
me at once into a pitiable state of agitation.

There was something, as it were, remarkable—yes, re-
markable, although this is but a feeble term to express my
full meaning—about the entire individuality of the personage
in question. He was, perhaps, six feet in height, and of a
presence singularly commanding. There was an air distin-
gué pervading the whole man, which spoke of high breeding,
and hinted at high birth. Upon this topic—the topic of
Smith’s personal appearance—I have a kind of melancholy
satisfaction in being minute. His head of hair would have
done honor to a Brutus;—nothing could be more richly flow-
ing, or possess a brighter gloss. It was of a jetty black
which was also the color, or more properly the no color, of
his unimaginable whiskers. You perceive I cannot speak of
these latter without enthusiasm ; it is not too much to say
that they were the handsomest pair of whiskers under the
sun. At all events, they encircled, and at times partially
overshadowed, a mouth utterly unequalled. Here were the
most entirely even, and the most brilliantly white of all con-
ceivable teeth. From between them, upon every proper oc-
casion, issued a voice of surpassing clearness, melody, and
strength. In the matter of eyes, also, my acquaintance was
pre-eminently endowed. Either one of such a pair was
worth a couple of the ordinary ocular organs. They were of
a deep hazel, exceedingly large and lustrous; and there was
perceptible about them, ever and anon, just that amount of
interesting obliquity which gives pregnancy to expression.

The bust of the General was unquestionably the finest bust
I ever saw. For your life you could not have found a fault
with its wonderful proportion. This rare peculiarity set off
to great advantage a pair of shoulders which would have cal-
led up a blush of conscious inferiority into the countenance
of the marble Apollo. I have a passion for fine shoulders,
and may say that I never beheld them in perfection before.
The arms altogether were admirably modelled. Nor were the
lower limbs less superb. These were, indeed, the ne plus
ultra of good legs. Every connoisseur in such matters ad-
mitted the legs to be good. There was neither too much
flesh, nor too little,—neither rudeness nor fragility. I could
not imagine a more graceful curve than that of the os femo-
ris, and there was just that due gentle prominence in the
rear of the fibula which goes to the conformation of a proper-
ly proportioned calf. I wish to God my young and talented
friend Chiponchipino, the sculptor, had but seen the legs of
Brevet Brigadier General John A. B. C. Smith.

But although men so absolutely fine-looking are neither as
plenty as reasons or blackberries, still I could not bring my-

self to believe that the remarkable something to which I al
luded just now,—that the odd air of je ne sais quoi which
hung about my new acquaintance,—lay altogether, or indeed
at all, in the supreme excellence of his bodily endowments.
Perhaps it might be traced to the manner ;—yet here again
I could not pretend to be positive. There was a primness,
not to say stiffness, in his carriage—a degree of measured,
and, if I may so express it, of rectangular precision, attend-
ing his every movement, which, observed in a more diminu-
tive figure, would have had the least little savor in the
world, of affectation, pomposity or constraint, but which, no-
ticed in a gentleman of his undoubted dimension, was readily
placed to the account of reserve, hauteur—of a commenda-
ble sense, in short, of what is due to the dignity of colossal
proportion.

The kind friend who presented me to General Smith whis-
pered in my ear some few words of comment upon the man.
He was a remarkable man—a very remarkable man—indeed
one of the most remarkable men of the age. He was an es-
pecial favorite, too, with the ladies—chiefly on account of
his high reputation for courage.

"In that point he is unrivalled—indeed he is a perfect
desperado—a down-right fire-eater, and no mistake,” said my
friend, here dropping his voice excessively low, and thrilling
me with the mystery of his tone.

“ A downright fire-eater, and no mistake. Showed that, I
should say, to some purpose, in the late tremendous swamp-
fight away down South, with the Bugaboo and Kickapoo In-
dians.” [Here my friend opened his eyes to some extent.]
“ Bless my soul !—blood and thunder, and all that!—prodi-
gies of valor!—heard of him of course?—you know he’s the
man"—

“ Man alive, how do you do ? why how are ye ? very glad
to see ye, indeed!” here interrupted the General himself,
seizing my companion by the hand as he drew near, and
bowing stiffly, but profoundly, as I was presented. I then
thought, (and I think so still,) that I never heard a clearer
nor a stronger voice, nor beheld a finer set of teeth : but I must
say that I was sorry for the interruption just at that moment,
as, owing to the whispers and insinuations aforesaid, my in-
terest had been greatly excited in the hero of the Bugaboo
and Kickapoo campaign.

However, the delightfully luminous conversation of Brevet
Brigadier General John A. B. C. Smith soon completely dis
sipated this chagrin. My friend leaving us immediately, we
had quite a long tête-à-tête, and I was not only pleased but
really—instructed. I never heard a more fluent talker, or a
man of greater general information. With becoming modes-
ty, he forebore, nevertheless, to touch upon the theme I had
just then most at heart—I mean the mysterious circumstan-
ces attending the Bugaboo war—and, on my own part, what
I conceive to be a proper sense of delicacy forbade me to
broach the subject; although, in truth, I was exceedingly
tempted to do so. I perceived, too, that the gallant soldier
preferred topics of philosophical interest, and that he delight-
ed, especially, in commenting upon the rapid march of me-
chanical invention. Indeed, lead him where I would, this
was a point to which he invariably came back.

“ There is nothing at all like it,” he would say ; “ we are
a wonderful people, and live in a wonderful age, Parachutes
and rail-roads—man-traps and spring-guns! Our steam-boats
are upon every sea, and the Nassau balloon packet is about
to run regular trips (fare either way only twenty pounds
sterling) between London and Timbuctoo. And who shall
calculate the immense influence upon social life—upon arts
—upon commerce—upon literature—which will be the im-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

69

mediate result of the great principles of electro-magnetics ?
Nor is this all, let me assure you ! There is really no end to
the march of invention. The most wonderful—the most in-
genious—and let me add, Mr.—Mr.—Thompson, I believe, is
your name—let me add, I say, the most useful—the most
truly useful mechanical contrivances, are daily springing
up like mushrooms, if I may so express myself, or, more fig-
uratively, like—ah—grasshoppers—like grasshoppers, Mr.
Thompson—about us and ah—ah—ah—around us !”

Thompson, to be sure, is not my name; but it is needless
to say that I left General Smith with a heightened interest
in the man, with an exalted opinion of his conversational
powers, and a deep sense of the valuable privileges we enjoy
in living in this age of mechanical invention. My curiosity,
however, had not been altogether satisfied, and I resolved to
prosecute immediate inquiry among my acquaintances touch-
ing the Brevet Brigadier General himself, and particularly
respecting the tremendous events quorum pars magna fuit,
during the Bugaboo and Kickapoo campaign.

The first opportunity which presented itself, and which
(horresco referens) I did not in the least scruple to seize, oc-
curred at the Church of the Reverend Doctor Drummum-
mupp, where I found myself established, one Sunday just at
sermon time, not only in the pew, but by the side, of that
worthy and communicative little friend of mine, Miss Tabi-
tha T. Thus seated, I congratulated myself, and with
much reason, upon the very flattering state of affairs. If any
person knew anything about Brevet Brigadier General John
A. B. C. Smith, that person, it was clear to me, was Miss
Tabitha T. We telegraphed a few signals, and then com-
menced, sotto voce, a brisk tête-à-tête.

“ Smith !” said she, in reply to my very earnest inquiry;
“ Smith !—why, not General John A. B. C. ? Bless me, I
thought you knew all about him ! This is a wonderfully in-
ventive age ! Horrid affair that!—a bloody set of wretches,
those Kickapoos !—fought like a hero—prodigies of valor—
immortal renown. Smith !—Brevet Brigadier General John
A. B. C. !—why, you know he’s the man”—

“ Man,” here broke in Doctor Drummummupp, at the top
of his voice, and with a thump that came near knocking
the pulpit about our ears; “ man that is born of a woman
hath but a short time to live; he cometh up and is cut down
like a flower!” I started to the extremity of the pew, and
perceived by the animated looks of the divine, that the wrath
which had nearly proved fatal to the pulpit had been excit-
ed by the whispers of the lady and myself. There was no
help for it; so I submitted with a good grace, and listened,
in all the martyrdom of dignified silence, to the balance of
that very capital discourse.

Next evening found me a somewhat late visitor at the
Rantipole theatre, where I felt sure of satsifying my curios-
ity at once, by merely stepping into the box of those exquis-
ite specimens of affability and omniscience, the Misses Ara-
bella and Miranda Cognoscenti. That fine tragedian, Cli-
max, was doing Iago to a very crowded house, and I expe-
rienced some little difficulty in making my wishes understood ;
especially as our box was next the slips, and completely over-
looked the stage.

“ Smith ?" said Miss Arabella, as she at length compre-
hended the purport of my query ; "Smith ?—why, not Gen-
eral John A. B. C. ?”

“ Smith?" inquired Miranda, musingly. “ God bless me,
did you ever behold a finer figure ?”

“ Never, madam, but do tell me”——

“ Or so inimitable grace?"

“ Never, upon my word!—but pray inform me”——

“ Or so just an appreciation of stage effect ?”

“ Madam !”

“ Or a more delicate sense of the true beauties of Shakes-
peare ? Be so good as to look at that leg!”

“ The devil!” and I turned again to her sister.

“ Smith ?” said she, “ why, not General John A. B. C.?
Horrid affair that, wasn’t it?—great wretches, those Buga-
boos—savage and so on—but we live in a wonderfully inven-
tive age !—Smith !—O yes ! great man !—perfect desperado
—immortal renown—prodigies of valor! Never heard!"
[This was given in a scream.] “ Bless my soul!—why he’s
the man”—

“—mandragora

Nor all the drowsy syrups of the world
Shall ever medicine thee to that sweet sleep
Which thou owd’st yesterday !”

here roared out Climax just in my ear, and shaking his fist
in my face all the time, in a way that I couldn't stand, and I
wouldn't. I left the Misses Cognoscenti immediately, went
behind the scenes forthwith, and gave the beggarly scoun-
drel such a thrashing as I trust he will remember to the day
of his death.

At the soirée of the lovely widow, Mrs. Kathleen O’Trump,
I was confident that I should meet with no similar disap-
pointment. Accordingly, I was no sooner seated at the card
table, with my pretty hostess for a vis-à-vis, than I propound-
ed those questions the solution of which had become a mat-
ter so essential to my peace.

“ Smith ?” said my partner, “ why, not General John A.
B. C.? Horrid affair that, wasn’t it?—diamonds, did you
say?—terrible wretches those Kickapoos!—we are playing
whist, if you please, Mr. Tattle—however, this is the age of
invention, most certainly—the age, one may say—the age par
excellence—speak French?—oh, quite a hero—perfect des-
perado!—no hearts, Mr. Tattle?	I don’t believe it!—im-

mortal renown and all that—prodigies of valor! Never

heard! !—why, bless me, he’s the man”—

“ Mann ?—Captain Mann ?” here screamed some little fe-
minine interloper from the farthest corner of the room. “ Are
you talking about Captain Mann and the duel ?—oh, I must
hear—do tell—go on, Mrs. O’Trump !—do now go on!” And
go on Mrs. O’Trump did—all about a certain Captain Mann
who was either shot or hung, or should have been both shot
and hung. Yes ! Mrs. O’Trump, she went on, and I—I went
off. There was no chance of hearing anything farther that
evening in regard to Brevet Brigadier General John A. B. C.
Smith.

Still I consoled myself with the reflection that the tide of
ill luck would not run against me forever, and so determined
to make a bold push for information at the rout of that be-
witching little angel, the graceful Mrs Pirouette.

“ Smith ?” said Mrs. P., as we twirled about together in a
pas de zephyr, “ Smith ?—why not General John A. B. C.?
Dreadful business that of the Bugaboos, wasn’t it ?—terrible
creatures those Indians !—do turn out your toes ! I really am
ashamed of you—man of great courage, poor fellow!—but this
is a wonderful age for invention—O dear me, I’m out of breath
—quite a desperado—prodigies of valor—never heard!!—
can’t believe it—I shall have to sit down and enlighten you

—Smith! why he’s the man”—

“ Man-Fred, I tell you !” here bawled out Miss Bas-Bleu,
as I led Mrs. Pirouette to a seat. “ Did ever anybody hear
the like ? It’s Man-Fred, I say, and not at all by any means
Man-Friday.” Here Miss Bas-Bleu beckoned to me in a very
peremptory manner; and I was obliged, will I nill I, to leave

70

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Mrs. P. for the purpose of deciding a dispute touching the ti-
tle of a certain poetical drama of Lord Byron’s. Although I
pronounced, with great promptness, that the true title was
Man-Friday, and not by any means Man-Fred, yet when I
returned to seek Mrs. Pirouette she was not to be discov-
ered, and I made my retreat from the house in a very bitter
spirit of animosity against the whole race of the Bas-Bleus.

Matters had now assumed a really serious aspect, and I
resolved to call at once upon my particular friend, Mr. Theo-
dore Sinivate; for I knew that here at least I should get
something like definite information.

“ Smith ?” said he, in his well known peculiar way of
drawling out his syllables; “Smith?—why, not General
John A—B—C ? Savage affair that with the Kickapo-o-o-os,
wasn’t it ? Say ! don’t you think so ?—perfect despera-a-ado
—great pity, ’pon my honor!—wonderfully inventive age !—
pro-o-odigies of valor ! By the by, did you ever hear about
Captain Ma-a-a-a-n ?”

“ Captain Mann be d—d!” said I, “ please to go on with
your story.”

“ Hem !—oh well!—quite la même cho-o-ose, as we say in
France. Smith, eh ? Brigadier General John A—B—C. ?
I say”—[here Mr. S. thought proper to put his finger to the
side of his nose]—“ I say, you don’t mean to insinuate now,
really, and truly, and conscientiously, that you don’t know
all about that affair of Smith’s, as well as I do, eh ? Smith ?
John A—B—C.? Why bless me, he’s the ma-a-an”—

“ Mr. Sinivate,” said I imploringly, “ is he the man in the
mask ?”

“No-o-o!” said he, looking wise, "nor the man in the
mo-o-o-on.”

This reply I considered a pointed and positive insult, and
so left the house at once in high dudgeon, with a firm resolve
to call my friend, Mr. Sinivate, to a speedy account for his
ungentlemanly conduct and ill breeding.

In the meantime, however, I had no notion of being thwart-
ed touching the information I desired. There was one re-
source left me yet. I would go to the fountain head. I
would call forthwith upon the General himself, and demand,
in explicit terms, a solution of this abominable piece of mys-
tery. Here at least there should be no chance for equivoca-
tion. would be plain, positive, peremptory—as short as
pie-crust—as concise as Tacitus or Montesquieu.

 It was early when I called, and the general was dressing ;
but I pleaded urgent business, and was shown at once into
his bed-room by an old negro valet, who remained in attend-
ance during my visit. As I entered the chamber, I looked
about, of course, for the occupant, but did not immediately
perceive him. There was a large and exceedingly odd look-
ing bundle of something which lay close by my feet on the
floor, and, as I was not in the best humor in the world, I
gave it a kick out of the way.

“ Hem ! ahem ! rather civil that, I should say !” said the
bundle, in one of the smallest, and altogether the funniest
little voices, between a squeak and a whistle, that I ever
heard in all the days of my existence.

“ Ahem ! rather civil that, I should observe.”

I fairly shouted with terror, and made off, at a tangent, in-
to the farthest extremity of the room.

“ God bless me ! my dear fellow,’’ here again whistled the
bundle “ what—what—what—why, what is the matter? I
really believe you don’t know me at all.”

What could I say to all this—what could I ? I staggered
into an arm-chair, and, with staring eyes and open mouth,
awaited the solution of the wonder.

“ Strange you shouldn’t know me though, isn’t it ?” pre-
sently re-squeaked the nondescript, which I now perceived
was performing, upon the floor, some inexplicable evolution,
very analagous to the drawing on of a stocking. There was
only a single leg, however, apparent.

“ Strange you shouldn’t know me, though, isn’t it ? Pom-
pey, bring me that leg!” Here Pompey handed the bundle
a very capital cork leg, all ready dressed, which it screwed
on in a trice ; and then it stood upright before my eyes.

“And a bloody action it was," continued the thing, as if in
a soliloquy ; “ but then one musn't fight with the Bugaboos
and Kickapoos, and think of coming off with a mere scratch.
Pompey, I’ll thank you now for that arm. Thomas” [turn-
ing to me] “ is decidedly the best hand at a cork leg;
but if you should ever want an arm, my dear fellow, you
must really let me recommend you to Bishop.” Here Pom-
pey screwed on an arm.

“ We had rather hot work of it, that you may say. Now,
you dog, slip on my shoulders and bosom ! Pettitt makes
the best shoulders, but for a bosom you will have to go to Du-
crow.”

“ Bosom !” said I.

“ Pompey, will you never be ready with that wig ? Scalp-
ing is a rough process after all; but then you can procure
such a capital scratch at De L’Orme’s.”

“ Scratch !”

“Now, you nigger, my teeth ! For a good set of these
you had better go to Parmly’s at once ; high prices, but ex-
cellent work. I swallowed some very capital articles, though,
when the big Bugaboo rammed me down with the butt end
of his rifle.”

“ Butt end! ram down!! my eye!!!”

“ O yes, by the by, my eye—here, Tompey, you scamp,
screw it in! Those Kickapoos are not so very slow at a
gouge; but he’s a belied man, that Dr. Williams, after all;
you can’t imagine how well I see with the eyes of his
make.”

I now began very clearly to perceive that the object before
me was nothing more nor less than my new acquaintance,
Brevet Brigadier General John A. B. C. Smith. The man-
ipulations of Pompey had made, I must confess, a very strik-
ing difference in the appearance of the personal man. The
voice, however, still puzzled me no little; but even this ap-
parent mystery was speedily cleared up.

“Pompey, you black rascal,” squeaked the General, “I
really do believe you would let me go out without my pal-
ate.”

Hereupon the negro, grumbling out an apology, went up
to his master, opened his mouth with the knowing air of a
horse-jockey, and adjusted therein a somewhat singular-look-
ing machine, in a very dexterous manner, that I could not
altogether comprehend. The alteration, however, in the
entire expression of the General’s countenance was instanta-
neous and surprising. When he again spoke, his voice had
resumed all that rich melody and strength which I had no-
ticed upon our original introduction.

“ D—n the vagabonds!” said he, in so clear a tone that I
positively started at the change, “ D—n the vagabonds ! they
not only knocked in the roof of my mouth, but took the trou-
ble to cut off at least seven-eighths of my tongue. There
is’nt Bonfanti’s equal, however, in America, for really good
articles of this description. I can recommend you to him
with confidence,” [here the General bowed,] “ and assure
you that I have the greatest pleasure in so doing.”

I acknowledged his kindness in my best manner, and took

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

71

leave of him at once, with a perfect understanding of the true
state of aflairs—with a full comprehension of the mystery
which had troubled me so long. It was evident. It was a
clear case. Brevet Brigadier General John A. B. C. Smith
was the man----was the man that was used up.

EDGAR A. POE.

Critical Notices.

Wiley and Putnam's Library of Choice Reading. No. XVI.
Prose and Verse. By Thomas Hood. Part I. New-York:
Wi/ey and Putnam.

Of this number of the Library we said a few words last
week—but Hood was far too remarkable a man to be passed
over in so cursory a manner.

“ Frequently since his recent death,” says the American
editor, “he has been called a great author, a phrase used not
inconsiderately or in vain.” Yet, if we adopt the convention-
al idea of “ a great author,” there has lived, perhaps, no
writer of the last half century who, with equal notoriety,
was less entitled than Hood to the term. In fact, he was a
literary merchant whose principal stock in trade was little-
ness—for during the larger portion of his life he seemed to
breathe only for the purpose of perpetrating puns—things of
such despicable platitude, that the man who is capable of
habitually committing them, is very seldom capable of any-
thing else. In especial, whatever merit may accidentally be
discovered in a pun, arises altogether from unexpectedness.
This is its element, and is twofold. First, we demand that
the combination of the pun be unexpected, and secondly, we
demand the most entire unexpectedness in the pun per se. A
rare pun, rarely appearing, is, to a certain extent, a pleasurable
effect—but to no mind, however debased in taste, is a conti-
nuous effort at punning otherwise than unendurable. The
man who maintains that he derives gratification from any
such chapters of punnage as Hood was in the daily habit of
putting to paper, has no claim to be believed upon his oath.
What, for example, is any rational being to make of such jar-
gon as this, which we copy from the very first page of the
volume before us?

Courteous Reader !

Presuming that you have known something of the Comic Annual
from its Child-Hood, when it was first put into half binding and began
to run alone, I make bold to consider you as an old friend of the fami-
ly, and shall accordingly treat you with all the freedom and confidence
that pertain to such ripe connexions.

How many years is it, think you, " since we were first acquent?”
"By the deep nine!” sings out the old bald Count Fathom with the
lead-line : no great lapse in the world's chronology, but a space of in-
finite importance in individual history. For instance, it has wrought
a serious change on the body, if not on the mind, of your very hum-
ble servant;—it is not, however, to bespeak your sympathy, or to in-
dulge in what Lord Byron calls "the gloomy vanity of drawing from
self,” that I allude to my personal experience. The Scot and lot cha-
racter of the dispensation forbids me to think that the world in gene-
ral can be particularly interested in the state of my Household Suffer-
age, or that the public ear will be as open to my Maladies as to my
Melodies.

Here is something better from page five—but still we look
upon the whole thing as a nuisance:

A rope is a bad Cordon Sanitaire. Let not anxiety have thee on
the hyp. Consider your health as your best friend, and think as well
of it, in spite of all its foibles as you can. For instance, never dream,
though you may have a “ clever hack,” of galloping consumption, or
indulge in the Meltonian belief that you are going the pace. Never
fancy every time you cough, that you are going to coughypot. Hold
up as the shooter says, over the heaviest ground. Despondency in a

nice case is the over-weight that may make you kick the beam and the
bucket both at once. In short, as with other cases, never meet trouble
half-way, but let him have the whole walk for his pains ; though it
should be a Scotch mile and a bittock. I have even known him to give
up his visit in sight of the house. Besides, the best fence against care
is a ha ! ha !—wherefore take care to have one all around you where-
ever you can. Let your“ lungs crow like Chanticleer,” and as like a
Game cock as possible. It expands the chest, enlarges the heart,
quickens the circulation, and “like a trumpet makes the spirit dance.’”

The continuous and premeditated puns of Hood, however,
are to be regarded as the weak points of the man. Indepen-
dently of their ill effect, in a literary view, as mere puns,
they leave upon us a painful impression; for too evidently
they are the hypochondriac’s struggles at mirth—they are the
grinnings of the death’s-head. No one can read his Literary
Reminiscences without being convinced of his habitual des-
pondency—and the species of pseudo wit in question, is pre-
cisely of that character which would be adopted by an au-
thor of Hood’s temperament and cast of intellect, when com-
pelled to write, at an emergency. That his heart had no in-
terest in these niaiseries, is clear. We allude, of course, to
his mere puns for the pun’s sake—-a class of letters by which
he attained his most extensive renown. That he did more in
this way than in any other, would follow as a corollary
from what we have already said—for, generally, he was un-
happy, and, almost continually, he was obliged to write, in-
vita Minerva. But his true element was a very rare and
ethereal class of humor, in which the mere pun was left alto-
gether out of sight, or took the character of the richest gro-
tesquerie, impressing the imaginative reader with very re-
markable force, as if by a new phase of the ideal. It is in
this species of brilliant grotesquerie,'uttered with a rushing
abandon which wonderfully aided its efTcct, that Hood’s mark-
ed originality of manner consisted ; and it is this which fairly
entitles him, at times, to the epithet “ great—we say fairly
so entitles him ; for that undeniably may be considered great
—(of whatever seeming littleness in itself) which has the
capability of producing intense emotion in the minds of those
who are themselves undeniably great.

When we said, however, that Hood wrought profound im-
pressions upon imaginative men, we spoke only of what is
imagination in the popular acceptance of the term. His
true province—that is to say the field in which he is distinc-
tive—is a kind of border land between the Fancy and the
Fantasy—but in this region he reigns supreme. That we
may be the more clearly understood on this head, we will
venture to quote a few passages of definition which were
used by ourselves on a former occasion—while commenting
on the prose style of Mr. Willis:—it is indeed too much the
custom to employ at absolute random such words as Wit,
Humor, Fantasy, the Fancy, and the Imagination.

In the style of Mr. Willis wo easily detect this idiosyncrasy. We
have no trouble in tracing it home—and when we reach it and look
it fairly in the face, we recognize it on the instant.—It is Fancy.

To be sure there is quite a tribe of Fancies—although one half of
them never suspected themselves to be such until so told by the meta-
physicians—but the one of which we speak has never yet been accred-
ited among men, and we beg pardon of Mr. Willis for the liberty we
take in employing the topic of bis style, as the best possible vehicle and
opportunity for the introduction of this, our protégé, to the considera-
tion of the literary world.

“ Fancy,” says the author of “ Aids to Reflection” (who aided Re-
flection to much better purpose in his “ Genevieve”)—“ Fancy com-
bines—Imagination creates.” This was intended, and has been re-
ceived, as a distinction ; but it is a distinction without a difference—
without even a difference of degree. The Fancy as nearly creates as
the imagination, and neither at all. Novel conceptions are merely un-
usual combinations. The mind of man can imagine nothing which
does not exist:—if it could, it would create not only ideally, but sub-

2

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

stantially—as do the thoughts of God. It may be said—“ We imag-
ine a griffin, yet a griffin does not exist/’ Not the eriffin certainly,
but its component parts. It is no more than a collation of known
limbs—features—qualities. Thus with all which claims to be new—
which appears to be a creation of the intellect:—it is re-soluble into
the old. The wildest effort of the mind cannot stand the test of the
analysis.

We might make a distinction of degree between the fancy and the
imagination, in calling the latter the former loftily employed. But
experience would prove this distinction to be unsatisfactory. What
we feel to be fancy, will be found still fanciful, whatever be the theme
which engages it. No subject exalts it into imagination. When
Moore is termed a fanciful poet, the epithet is precisely applied; he is.
He is fanciful in “ Lalla Rookh,” and had he written the “ Inferno,” j
there he would have been fanciful still: for not only is he essentially
fanciful, but he has no ability to be any thing more, unless at rare in-
tervals—by snatches—and with effort. What we say of him at this
point, moreover, is equally true of all little frisky men, personally con-
sidered.

The fact seems to be that Imagination, Fancy, Fantasy, and Hu-
mor, have in common the elements, Combination, and Novelty. The
Imagination is the artist of the four. From novel arrangements of old
forms which present themselves to it, it selects only such as are har-
monious :—the result, of course, is beauty itself— using the term in its
most extended sense, and as inclusive of the sublime. The pure im-
agination chooses, from either beauty or deformity, only the most com-
binable things hitherto uncombined ;—the compound, as a genera!
rule, partaking (in character) of sublimity or beauty, in the ratio of
the respective sublimity or beauty of the things combined—which are
themselves still to be considered as atomic—that is to say, as pre-
vious combinations. But, as often analogously happens in physical
chemistry, so not unfrequently does it occur in this chemistry of the
intellect, that the admixture of two elements will result in a something
that shall have nothing of the quality of one of Uietu-*—or even noth-
ing of the qualities of either. The range of Imagination is therefore,
unlimited. Its materials extend throughout the Universe. Even out
of deformities it fabricates that beauty which is at once its sole object
and its inevitable test. But, in general, the richness or force of the
matters combined—the facility of discovering combinable novelties
worth combining—and the absolute “ chemical combination” and pro-
portion of the completed mass—are the particulars to be regarded in
our estimate of Imagination. It is this thorough harmony of an im-
aginative work which so often causes it to be under-valued by the
undiscriminating, through the character of obviousness which is super-
induced. We are apt to find ourselves asking « uhy is it that these
combinations have never been imagined before ?”

Now, when this question does not occur—when the harmony of the
combination is comparatively neglected, and when in addition to the
clement of novelty, there is introduced the sub-element of unexpected-
ness—when, for example, matters are brought into combination which
not only have never been combined but whose combination strikes us
as a difficulty happily overcome—the result then appertains to the
Fancy—and is, to the majority of mnnkind more grateful than the
purely harmonious one—although, absolutely, it is less beautiful (or
grand) for the reason that it is less harmonious.

Carrying its errors into excess—for, however enticing, they are er-
rors still, or Nature lies,—Fancy is at length found impinging upon
the province of Fantasy. The votaries of this latter delight not only
in novelty and unexpectedness of combination, but in the avoidance of [
proportion. The result is therefore abnormal, and to a healthy mind
aflords less of pleasure through its novelty, than of pain through its in-
coherence. When, proceeding a step farther, however, Fantasy seeks
not merely disproportionate but incongruous or antagonistical ele-
ments, the effect is rendered moie pleasurable from its greater posi-
tiveness ;—there is a merry effort of Truth to shake from her that
which is no property of hers;—and we laugh outright in recognizing
Humor.

The four faculties in question appear to me all of their class ;—but
when either Fancy or Humor is expressed to gain an end—is pointed
at a purpose—whenever either becomes objective in place of subjective
—then it becomes, also, pure Wit or Sarcasm, just us the purpose is
well-intaulioned or malevolent.

These, we grant, are entirely new views, but we do not
consider them as the less surely deduced. At all events their
admission ior the present will enable us to be lucid on the
topic of Hood. When we speak of his province as a border

ground between Fantasy and Fancy, of course we do not
mean rigorously to confine him to this province. He has
made very successful and frequent incursions into the domi-
nions of Humor (in general he has been too benevolent to be
witty), and there have been one or two occasions—(those,
for instance, of his “Eugene Aram” and “ Bridge of Sighs,”)
in which he has stepped boldly, yet vacillatingly, into the
realm of Imagination herself. We mean to say, however, that
he is never truly imaginative for more than a paragraph
at a time.

In a word, the genius of Hood is the result of vivid Fancy
impelled, or controlled,—certainly tinctured, at all points, by
hypochondriasis. In his wild “Ode to Melancholy,” which
forms the closing poem of the volume now reviewed, we per-
ceive this result in the very clearest of manifestations. Few
things have ever more deeply affected us than the passages
which follow:

“ O clasp me, sweet, whilst thou art mine,

And do not take my tears amiss;

For tears must flow to wash away
A thought that shows so stern as this:

Forgive, if somewhile I forget,

In wo to come, the present bliss.

As frighted Proserpine let fall
Her flowers at the sight of Dis,

Ev’n so the dark and bright will kiss.

The sunniest things throw sternest shade,

And there is ev’n a happiness
That makes the heart afraid !

All things are touched with Melancholy,

Bom of the secret soul’s mistrust,

To feel her fair ethereal wings
Weigh’d down with vile degraded dust;

Even the bright extremes of joy
Bring on conclusions of disgust,

Like the sweet blossoms of the May,

Whose fragrance ends in must.

Oh give her, then, her tribute just,

Her sighs and tears, and musings holy !

There is no music in the life

That sounds with idiot laughter solely;

There’s not a string attuned to mirth,

But has its chords of Melancholy.

In “ The Pugsley Papers,” with which the volume opens,
we have the correspondence of a Cockney family of shoe-
makers, who, receiving a rich legacy, retire at once to the
otium cum dignitate of a country mansion. The mishaps
and mismanagements of the party are told in the broadest
extravaganza admissible or conceivable—very much in the
Ramsbottom way—although the tone of Hood’s jcu d'esprit
is the better of the two. It is not so much humorous in it-
self, as productive of the usual humorous effect. We laugh
not altogether at the incongruities of the narrative, but at the
incongruity of Hood’s supposing that we will laugh at any-
thing so absurdand it must be confessed, that it all
amounts to pretty much the same thing in the end.

“ Elack, White and Brown,” is an Abolition tale — or
rather a squib against Abolition. Its finale has some point
—but, on the whole, the story has the air of an effort, and is
quite unworthy of Hood.

“ The Portrait,” “ The Apology,” and “ The Literary Re-
miniscences” (which form one subject,) have, we think, ex-
ceedingly little interest. The author himself acknowledges
that he has no capacity for Boswellism—and we agree with
him altogether.

“An Undertaker” is a mere string of puns—giving no idea
of the true spirit of the author.

The rest of the book is verse—and much of it very re-
markable verse indeed.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

73

“ The Dream of Eugene Aram,” is too well known in
America to need comment from us. It has (as we observed
just now,) more of true imagination than any composition of
its author;—but even when engaged on so serious a subject,
he found great difficulty in keeping aloof from the grotesque
—the result (we say) of warm Fancy impelled by Hypochon-
driasis. The opening stanza affords an example:

’Twas in the prime of summer time,

An evening calm and cool,

When four-and-twenty happy boys
Came bounding out of school;

There were some that ran, and some Vial leapt,

Like troutlets in a pool.”

Stanza the twenty-fourth approaches more nearly the im-
aginative spirit than any passage in the poem—but the taint
of the fantastical is over it still:

“ And peace went with them one and all,

And each calm pillow spread;

But Guilt was my grim chamberlain
That lighted me to bed.

And drew my midnight curtains round,

With fingers bloody red!”

“ The Lost Heir” is possibly aimed at a well-known novel
of the same title. The effect depends upon the principle to
which we referred when speaking of “ The Pugsley Papers.”
We laugh chiefly (although not altogether) at the author's
absurdity. The lines belong to the class helter-skelter—that
is to say, they are the flattest of all possible prose—intention-
ally so, of course. The story (if story it can be called) em-
bodies the lamentations of a poor Irish woman who has lost
her son.

“Autumn” and “ A Song,” (occupying each one page)
have nothing about them especially remarkable. “Fair
Incs” is so beautiful'that we shall purloin it in full—al-
though we have no doubt that it is familiar to our readers :

i.

0 saw ye not fair Ines ?

She’s gone into the West,

To dazzle when the sun is down,

And rob the world of rest;

She took our daylight with her,

The smiles that we love best,

With morning blushes on her cheek,

And pearls upon her breast,

n.

0	turn again, fair Ines,

Before the full of night,

For fear the moon should shine alone,

And stars unrivalled bright;

And blessed will the lover be
That walks beneath their light,

And breathes the love against thy cheek
I dare not even write!

in.

Would I had been, fair Ines,

That gallant cavalier,

Who rode so gaily by thy side,

And whispered tbec so near !

Were there no bonny dames at home,

Or no true lovers here,

That ho should cross the seas to win
The dearest of the dear I

IT.

1	saw thee, lovely Ines,

Descend along the shore,

With bands of noble gentlemen.

And banners waved before;

And gentle youth and maidens gay,

And snowy plumes they wore ;

It would have been a beauteous dream,

— If it had been no more !

V.

Alas, alas, fair Ines,

She went away with song,

With Music waiting on her steps,

And shoutings of the throng ;

But some were sad and felt no mirth,

But only Music’s wrong,

In sounds that sang Farewell, Farewell,

To her you’ve loved so long,
vi.

Farewell, farewell, fair Incs,

That vessel never bore
So fair a lady on its deck,

Nor danced so light before,—

Alas, for pleasure on the sea,

And sorrow on the shore 1

The smile that blest one lover’s heart

Has broken many more !

The only article which remains to be noticed, is “ Miss
Killmansegg and Her Precious Leg”—and it is, perhaps,
more thoroughly characteristic of Hood’s genius than any
single thing which he has written. It is quite a long poem
—comprising nearly 3000 lines—and its author has evidently
laboured it much. Its chief defect is in its versification ; and
for this Hood had no ear—of its principles he knew nothing
at all. Not that his verses, individually, are very lame, but
they have no capacity for running together. The reader is
continually getting baulked—not because the lines are un-
readable, but because the lapse from one rhythm to another
is so inarlistically managed.

The story concerns a very rich heiress who is excessively
pampered by her parents, and who at length gets thrown
from a horse and so injures a leg as to render amputation
inevitable. To supply the place of the true limb, she insists
upon a leg of solid gold—a leg of the exact proportions of
the original. She puts up with its inconvenience for the
sake of the admiration it excites. Its attractions, however,
excite the cupidity of a chevalier d'industrie, who cajoles her
into wedlock, dissipates her fortune, and, finally, purloining
her golden leg, dashes out her brains with it, elopes, and
puts an end to the story.

It is wonderfully well told, and abounds in the most bril-
liant points—embracing something of each of the elementary
faculties which we have been discussing—but most especial-
ly rich in that which we have termed Fantasy. We quote
at random some brief passages, which will serve to exem-
plify our meaning:

A Lord of Land, on his own estate,

He lived at a lively rate,

But his income would bear carousing ;

Such acres he had of pasture and heath,

With herbage so rich from the ore beneath,

The very ewe’s and lambkin’s teeth
Were turn’d into gold by browsing.

He gave, without any extra thrift,

A Hock of sheep for a birthday gift
To each son of his loins, or daughter:

And his debts—if debts he had—at will
He liquidated by giving each bill
A dip in Pactolian water.

’Twas said that even his pigs of lead,

By crossing with some by Midas bred,

Made a perfect mine of his piggery.

And as tor cattle, one yearling bull
Was worth all Smithfield-market full
Of the Golden Bulls of Pope Gregory.

The high-bred horses within his stud.

Like human creatures of birth and blood,

Had their Golden Cups and llagons:

74

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

And as for the common husbandry nags,

Their noses u-ere tied in money-bags,

IVhen they stopp’d with the carts and wagons.

Into this world we come like ships,

Launched from the docks and stocks and slips,

For fortune fair or fatal;

And one little craft is cast away
In its very first trip to Babbicome Bay,

While another rides safe at Port Natal.

Whilst Margaret, charm’d by the Bulbul rare,

In a garden of Gul reposes—

Poor Peggy hawks nosegays from street to street,

Till—think of that, who find life so sweet—

She hates the smell of roses.'

To paint the maternal Kilmanscgg
The pen of an Eastern Poet would beg,

And need an elaborate sonnet;

How she sparkled with gems whenever she stirred,

And her head niddle-noddcd at every word,

And seem’d so happy, a Paradise bird
Had nidificated upon it.

And Sir Jacob the Father strutted and bow’d,

And smiled to himself, and laugh’d aloud,

To think of his heiress and daughter—

And then in his pockets he made a grope,

And then in the fulness of joy and hope,

Seem’d washing himself with invisible soap,
la imperceptible water.

Gold ! and gold ! and besides the gold
The very robe of the infant told
A tale of wealth in every told,

It lapp’d her like a vapor !

So fine 1 so thill! the mind at a loss
Could compare it to nothing except a cross
Of cobweb with bank-note paper.

They praised—how they praised—her very small talk,
As if it fell from a Solon i
Or the girl who at each pretty phrase let drop
A ruby comma, ora pearl full stop,

Or an emerald semi-colon.

Plays she perused—but she liked the best
Those comedy gentlefolks always possess’d
Of fortunes so truly romantic—

Of money so ready that right or wrong
It is always ready to go for a song,

Throwing it, going it, pitching it strong—

They ought to have purses as green and long
As the cucumber called the Gigantic.

A ' 'ad of trensure ?—alas ! alas !

Had her horse been fed upon English grass,

And sheltered in Yorkshire Spinneys,

Had he scour’d the sand with the Desert Ass,

Or where the American whinnies—

But a hunter from Erin's Turf and gorse,

A regular thorough bred Irish horse,

Why, he ran away, as a matter of course,

With a girl worth her weight in guineas !

« Batter her ! shatter her !

Throw her and scatter her!”

Shouts each stony-hearted dalterer—

“ Dash at the heavy Dover !

Spill her ! kill her ! tear her aud tatter her !

Smash her! crash her !” (the stones did’nt flatter her !)
“ Kick her brains out ! let her blood spatter her !

Roll on her over and over!”

For so she gather’d the awful sense

Of the street in its past unmacadamised tense,

As the wild horse overran it,—

His four heels making the clatter of six,

Like a Devil’s tattoo, played with iron sticks
On a kettle-drum of granite .'

A Breaktast—no unsubstantial mess,

But one in the style of good Queen Bess,
Who,—hearty as hippocampus,—

Broke her fast with ale and beef,

Instead of toast and the Chinese leaf,

And in lieu of anchovy—grampus!

In they went, and hunted about,
Open-mouth’d, like chub and trout,

And some with the upper lip thrust out,

Like that lish for routing, a barbel—

While Sir Jacob stood to welcome the crowd,
And rubb’d his hands, and smiled aloud,

And bow’d, and bow’d, and bow’d, and bou’d,
Like a man who is sauing marble.

But a child—that bids the world good night
In downright earnest and cuts it quite—

A Cherub no art can copy,—

’ Tit a perfect picture to see him lie
As if he had supped on dormouse pie,

(An ancient classical dish by the by)

With a sauce of syrup of poppy.

So still without,—so still within ;—

It had been a sin
To drop a pin—

So intense is silence after a din,

It seem’d like Death’s rehearsal!

To stir the air no eddy came ;

And the taper burnt uith as still aflame,

As to flicker had been a burning shame,

In a calm so universal.

And oh ! when the blessed diurnal light
Is quench’d by the protideutiul night,

To render our slumber more certain,

Pity, pity the wretches that weep,

For they must be wretched that cannot sleep
When God himself draws the Curtain .'

Eltore Ficramosca, or The Challenge of Barletta, an Histor-
ical Romance of the Times of the Medici, by Massino D’
Axe"lio. Translated from the Italian by C. Edwards
Lester, U. S. Consul at Genoa, author of "The Glory tmd
Shame of England," member of the Aleneo Ilaliano at
Florence, etc. New- York : Panic Burgess.

This is a neatly printed duodecimo of nearly 300 pages, and
forms the first number of “ The Medici Series of Italian
Prose.” The design of this series is to supply the American
public with translations of the best Italian prose romances.
Mr. Lester is to be translator and editor. Something of this
kind is certainly much needed. While we have been fairly
overwhelmed with both good and bad from the literature of
France, Germany, and Sweden, that of Italy has been of late
altogether, or nearly altogether neglected. The present en-
terprise extends, we believe, no farther than to the Italian
Romance, in its ordinary acceptation ; but it is not generally
known that there exists a vast mine of Italian Comedy, some
of which would amply repay the working. Marmontel, in
his “Encyclopedic,” roundly declares that there is not a sin-
gle comedy in the language worth reading ; and the usual
error on this subject has probably found its origin in his ig-
norance. Some of the greatest names in Italian Literature
were writers of Comedy. Baretti mentions four thousand
dramas collected by Apustolo Zeno ; the greater portion of
these were comedies ; and many of them possessed not only
high but very peculiar excellence. It is time that some of
these works should be unearthed.

“ The Challenge of Barletta ” has been frequently desig-
nated, by the Italian and British critics, as the best romance
of its language. It is certainly a vivacious work, but is de-
fective in having little of what we understand by the “auto-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

75

rial comment ”—that which adds so deep a charm to the
novels of Scott, of Bulwer, or of D’Israeli—more especially
to the works of Godwin and Brockden Brown. The book
before us is feeble, too frequently, from its excess of simplic-
ity in form and tone. The narrative proceeds as if to narrate
were the author’s sole business. The interest of mere inci-
dent, is all.

A Cyclopcedia of Several Thousand Practical Receipts, and
Collateral Information in the Arts, Manufactures, and
Trades, — including Medicine, Pharmacy, and Domes-
tic Economy. Designed as a Compendious Book of Ref-
erence for the Manufacturer, Tradesman, Amateur, and
Heads of Families. By Arnold James Cooley. Illustra-
ted with Numerous Engravings. New-York: D. Apple-
ton & Co.

We give in full the comprehensive title of this work, as the
best mode of explaining its design. No. 1 has been just is-
sued, at 25 cents. It proceeds (alphabetically) as far as the
word Beans.

The Parting Spirit's Address to his Mother. By William
Edward Wyatt, D. D., Rector of St. Paul's Parish, Balti-
more. New York: Stanford & Swords.

A very small pamphlet of poetical prose.

Wiley and Putnam's Library of American Boohs. No. III.
Letters from Italy. By J. T. Headley. Wiley and Put-
nam.

This is a work to be read. Of books generally it is said,
that one is fine, another artistical, another elegant, another
vigorous: but the peculiar property of this book of Mr. Head-
ley’s is, that it is written to be read. He writes as a rapid
talker speaks. He carries you along just as a man of ani-
mated gesture, quick eye, and earnest utterance takes you
with him in the recital of a story or a sketch of character.
Mr. Headley is an observer of great quickness; he sees at
once and seizes all that suits his purpose. There is no es-
caping him, if he has the least interest to arrest an object
and fix it on his page. These are perhaps more literally
First Impressions of Travel than any ever published. They
appear to have sprung directly to the eye of the traveller,
flashed an instant in the brain, and then through a speedy
pen to the reader. By relying merely on his own honest
spontaneous impressions, he makes old things look new, and
by steaming along, in true American style, through and over
guide-books, itineraries, Eustace, Forsyth and company, he
attains a merit analogous to that of high invention in imagi-
native writing. And although this spirit carries him at limes
too far, it gives constant freshness to his record ; merging
faults of style and expression in the hurry of description and
the eagerness with which he constantly presents the results
of his observations to the reader. We are now and then
taken aback, we confess, by an assertion of so broad and
comprehensive a nature as to sweep the field of criticism and
statement from end to end. For instance, he encounters at
Florence a new artist, by name Dupre—a Frenchman by ex-
traction, though an Italian by birth, who executed last year,
unknown to any body, the model of a dead Abel, and Mr.
Headley regards this figure “ as equal, if not superior in its
kind, to any statue ever wrought by any sculptor of any age.”
Another peculiarity of this traveller of ours is, that by some
happiness in his arrangement, by some good fortune for which
he has bargained with Veturino, clerk of the weather, or
other sufficient authority, whenever or wherever any thing
marvellous or wonderful is to happen, he is always there to
see. Whoever can be dissatisfied or object to such a com-

panion, has a soul of adamant, and is altogether wanting in
that gum elasticity, which has lately been set down as an
attribute of the imagination of infants. We have nothing to
say now of the Man Overboard (a small matter) nor of the
Man in the Wall, nor of the Convulsed Man in the pit of the
opera, nor of the six-barrelled Avalanches. Mr. Headley had
gone, on a certain evening, to the well-known royal farms,
constituting the great public drive and promenade of Flor-
ence. “ The Duke’s family were strolling around quite at
their ease, and the whole place was as lively as Hyde Park
at 5 o’clock in the evening. I walked home by the Arno,
and entering the city, witnessed one of those spectacles that
are constantly intruding themselves in our brightest dreams,
and turning this world into a place of tears. As I was pass-
ing along the street, a little child hung playfully across the
sill of a window, in the fourth story ; suddenly it lost its bal-
ance, and came like a flash of light to the pavement. Its
delicate form was crushed into one common mass by the
blow. The mother rushed down like a frantic creature,”
&c., &c. Now we will venture to say that no other Italian
traveller encountered this sight. Nor do we impeach the
credit of Mr. Headley. According to a homely saying, it is
the early bird that catches the worm, and it is due to Mr.
H’s great spirit and courage that he should have and enjoy
to the full, windfalls like this. He is often much more care-
ful in his style and description than what we have said might
seem to indicate. There are not a few passages tersely
rendered, and, where he chooses, no one can be more pointed
and descriptive in epithet than the author of these Letters.
He has a good eye for the picturesque, as he often proves.
His description of a dandy peasant is well made out.

“ Returning from these mines just at evening we met one of those
dandy peasants we often see painted, but seldom encounter. A per-
fect rustic Adonis with flowing locks and rosy cheeks, and beautiful
bright and laughing eye—he had that jaunty air and rollicking gait
which characterize your peasant beau. But he was a handsome fel-
low, and as he passed us with his oxen and cart he trolled away a
careless ditty. A peasant girl stepped into the road that moment and
joined him, but it did not look exactly like a casual meeting. As they
walked on side by side, he had such a good-for-nothing scape-grace
look that I could not help calling out to him. They both looked back
and laughed, when he suddenly seized her by the waist and gaVe her
a kiss that fairly rung again. The blow that followed sent him half
way across the road and made my cars tingle in sympathy.”

Regretting one or two ommissions in his account of Ameri-
can artists abroad, whom he should have seen and spoken of.
we part with Mr. Headley, in the hope of an early meeting
again. Find whatever fault we may with him, doubt his
facts, denounce his grammar, grow angry over his preju-
dices, we cannot fail to read whatever he writes, and rising
superior to our necessities as reviewers, read on to the end.

Hunt's Merchants' Magazine and Commercial Review. Au-
gust, 1S45. New- York: Freeman Hunt.

Mr. Hunt’s admirable Magazine is now in its seventy-fourth
number—a pregnant example of what may be effected by
combined talent and energy. The work is undoubtedly the
best properly of its kind in America ; yet, if we are not mis-
taken, Mr. Hunt engaged, without a dollar, in the arduous
task of its establishment. Its progress has never faltered for
an instant. The steps taken were infallible, and the triumph
sure. The Merchants’ Magazine was erected, and is now
owned, edited, and conducted generally, by Mr. Hunt alone.

The August number contains many papers of high value
and interest—among others, “The Government and the Cur-
rency," “ The Main Line of the State Works of Pennsylva-
nia," “ Our Merchant Seamen,” “ Maritime Law,” “A Biog-

76

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

raphy of the late Joseph Peabody, of Salem,” a “New The-
ory of the Gulf Stream," “ Commercial History of Norwich,
Conn.,” and “ The Silver Mines of North Carolina.”

The biography of Mr. Peabody is one of the most inter-
esting and instructive papers we have read for years. Few
more remarkable men have lived in the commercial world.
Among other things it is stated of him, that he built and
owned eighty-three ships, which, in every instance, he
freighted himself; and for the navigation of them, he ship-
ped at different times, upwards of seven thousand seamen.
Since the year 1811, he has advanced thirty-five to the rank
of ship-master, who entered his employ as boys. He had
performed by these vessels the following voyages, viz:—to
Calcutta, 38 ; Canton, 17 : Sumatra, 32; St. Petersburg, 47 ;
other ports in the north of Europe, 10; the Mediterranean,
20, before the war of 1812.

Perhaps the most able article in the number, however, and
one which we especially recommend to our readers, is “ The
Government and the Country,” by Mr. Middleton, the author
of the admirable essay (with a similar title) which was pub-
lished last year by Carey & Hart, and which attracted so gen-
eral an attention. The North American Review, among other
journals, spoke of it in the warmest terms of commendation.
The present article is not more remarkable for the lucidity
and profundity of its views, than for the vigor, simplicity,
and general excellence of its style.

Godey's Lady's Book, for August,

Has been issued for some days. It contains three engrav-
ings—one a very good one, (Scene on the Schuylkill)—and
contributions from Miss Leslie, Mrs. Seba Smith, Mrs. Hale,
and other ladies and gentlemen of eminence.

Musical Department.

French Opera.—Auber’s grand opera of La Muette de
Portici was produced at the Park Theatre on Monday even-
ing last. This work, when it was first produced, created an
extraordinary sensation throughout Europe. Its melodies
became at once, as it were, the property of every people.
They were upon every lip; they were drummed upon every
conceivable instrument, from the Grand Piano down to the
Pandean Pipes or the Hurdy-Gurdy. In short, the whole
continent of Europe was for a time spell-bound by the force
of Auber's genius. We can find no parallel to the univer-
sality of its success, but in the case of Weber’s “Der Frey-
schutz.” Of the character of the music it will be scarcely
necessary to speak, it is so well known on every hand. The
chorusses are full of melody, and are remarkably character-
istic. Nothing can exceed the masterly conception display-
ed by Auber, in the working of these chorusses; particularly
in the one commencing Venez amis !

In the public highway a conspiracy is being formed ; man
whispers to man, and a plot to overturn a powerful gover-
ment is purposed and decided, while to all appearance the
fishermen and their wives are merely amusing themselves,
dancing and singing a light-hearted Barcarole. The bitter
hatred and determined revenge, mingled with the assumed
gaiety and the reckless merriment, are expressed by the mu-
sic with a fidelity perfectly startling. While listening, we
are one of the people; their wrongs are ours, and we feel
an intense fearfulness lest they should be overheard, and
their noble undertaking be disconcerted. Again, in the last
Act, where Masaniello, delirious from poison administered

by Pietro, rushes into the midst of the people, and in the in-
terval of his madness chaunts forth the Barcarole, whose hid-
den meaning was the watchword of the revolution— how
masterly a thought! how metaphysically correct!

The Ballet music, which, to our regret, was entirely omit-
ted, is eminently beautiful and entirely characteristic — in
short, with one or two trifling exceptions, the whole work
is a masterpiece, and will carry Auber’s fame far into futur-
ity.

The instrumentation throughout is worthy of Auber, but
there was one passage at the close of the 2nd Act which, in
effect, surpasses all others, and which, for its extreme beau-
ty, has rarely, if ever, been equalled by any writer.

The following was the caste of the piece:

Masaniello -	-	-	- M. Arnaud

Alphonso	.... Cœuriot

Pietro 	-	-	-	-	Garry

Borello  Fishermen -	-	- Bernard

Moreno 	-	-	-	-	Otteruot

Elvira .... M’me Casini
Fenella -	-	-	Cœuriot

M’me Casini, as Elvira, displayed her powers to greater
advantage than upon any previous occasion. She is gaining
courage fast. In her first recitative and aria, she sang most
admirably. Her voice, though far from being powerful, is
well in tune; her execution is rapid and brilliant, and is gen-
erally well articulated: but she displays a tendency to a re-
dundance of fioriture, which is reprehensible, and she some-
times goes beyond her power. However, time will correct
these faults. There is also an important point in which
M’me Casini is deficient—namely, husbanding the voice for
important passages in the score: for instance, in the finale
to the 1st Act two pauses occur in the chorus when at a
double ff, which are filled up by rapid passages upon (as a
learned critic expresses it) high keys: these passages are
given to Elvira, and should be given with immense force,
but M’me Casini barely whispered them. A judicious hus-
banding of power would have insured the necessary ef-
fect.

M’me Stephen Cœuriot is in no way fitted for the part of
Fenella. Her conception of the character, although at times
just, was badly sustained. She was Fenella only when in
action; when in repose the character was dropped, and the
lady became as one of the common group. M’me Cœuriot
was exhuberant in passion, displaying an almost tiger-like
ferocity in many places, quite at variance with the state of
mind of one who, slighted, wronged and broken-hearted, still
loves with a deep and enduring faithfulness. In the tender
phases of Fenella’s character, M’me Cœuriot was also un-
successful. She was at no period of the performance the
tender, confiding, child-like girl, whose beauty and misfor-
tune were the admiration and the pity of a whole people,
and roused them to resent their wrongs in hers. It is no
discredit to M’me Cœuriot that she does not play this char-
acter well, for it is out of her line of business Our admi-
ration of her excellent abilities we have often expressed,
and we regret that we are unable to give her praise on this
occasion.

M. Arnaud, as Masaniello, sung with his accustomed
force and skill; particularly in the duo with Pietro in the
second act—Mieux vaut mourir que rester misérable ! In this
he displayed the full force of his extraordinary voice, and, as-
sisted by M. Garry, who also sang with great force and judg-
ment, drew down tumultuous applause. In that exquisite
song, Du pauvre seul ami fidéle, while watching his sleep-
ing sister, he expressed the absorbing—almost fraternal love
for the injured girl, with admirable fidelity. It was a chaste

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

77

and masterly performance. We cannot, however, understand
why he persists in using his ‘voce de testa’ so incessantly.
He used it so frequently and so unnecessarily on Monday
evening, that it marred many beautiful passages in the music,
besides producing an effect by no means pleasing to his
hearers.

   M. Garry is improving most rapidly. He has been but a
few months upon the stage, and, judging by the rank he has
already gained for himself, and which he so ably sustains,
we may safely prognosticate for him a career of distinguish-
ed success and enviable popularity. We have noticed, in
another paragraph, his performance in one portion of the
opera; we can only add, that he was equally excellent
throughout. We should however advise him to pay more
attention to his deportment upon the stage. All the time he
is singing, his attitude leads us to suppose that he is prepar-
ing to leap into the parquette.

The choruses, with the exception of the two prayers
which were indifferently executed, were given with great pre-
cision ; particularly the finale of the second act, the whole of
the third act and the opening of the fifth act. The trebles
were singularly good.

The overture was admirably played. It deserved and
should have met with an encore. Throughout the evening
we had repeated occasion to remark the admirable perfor-
mance of the orchestra, collectively and individually,—and we
are sure that all competent judges will agree with us in the
opinion, that, with the exception of the New York Philhar-
monic Society, the French opera band, as it is at present
consituted, is the best that we have had within the walls of
a New York theatre.

To M. Prevost, much of this excellence is to be attribut-
ed. He is a man in every way calculated to bring out the
best efforts of those confided to his charge. The members of
the band place unfaltering reliance upon his skill and judg-
ment, knowing him to be an accomplished musician and an
experienced leader—one who is perfectly familiar with every
point, remote or prominent, in the partition of each opera.
M. Prevost is without affectation in the orchestra;—he goes
to his work earnestly but quietly ;—directs by his eye and
hand, but eschews thumping with the bow or stamping with
the feet. One of the most admirable points in M. Prevost’s
method of conducting an orchestra is the exceeding clear-
ness of his beat. There is no hesitation—no change; no use-
less, bewildering multiplication of divisions. It is a clear,
straight-forward, manly beat, which every one can under-
stand. We consider that the public owe M. Prevost, and the
whole orchestra, a substantial tribute to their excellence in
the way of a crowded benefit.

The getting up of the opera was, as usual, excellent; but
we would ask of what use is that large horse in the fourth
act? Apart from the absurdity of making it parade round
the interior of a hut, which is absurd enough without doubt,
is it not a wanton exposure of life or limb to bring a powerful
animal into the midst of a throng of females, while the shout-
ing of the people and the din of the Orchestra astound its
cars, and a strange and dazzling light astonishes its eyes. There
was but a narrow escape from a severe accident on Monday
night, and despite the laughter of the audience, we cannot
hut justify M. Arnaud entirely, in making his escape, in
any way, from the back of the terrified animal. A man
upon a horse in the open air, with plenty of space, can gene-
rally control it by the force of his will, but upon the stage, he
is entirely at the mercy of the beast. We trust on the next
representation, the horse will be omitted from the pro-
gramme, by particular desire.

Dubois’ Horizontal Grand Pianoforte.—It has long
been a subject of regret to solo players in this country, that
the only description of instrument they could procure to dis-
play their powers on, was a so-called square instrument.—
The squares, as all pianists well know, are vastly inferior to
the horizontal grand pianofortes, not only in the quality but
in the power of the tone. They are also much inferior in
point of elegance of form. The square instruments made in
this city, are infinitely superior to any of the same class of in-
struments that we have seen abroad ; they are superior in
every respect—tone, touch, and beauty of design. But the
manufacture of Grand Pianos has hitherto proved a compar-
ative, if not a total, failure. Many causes have tended to
produce this result; among the most prominent, we will
mention one—the custom of the wealthy amateurs to im-
port, at an enormous expense, their Grand Pianos; another:
the Squares having become universal in this country, there
has been hitherto literally no demand for any other class of
instrument. To construct such an instrument, the first out-
lay is exceedingly great, and this has doubtless deterred
many manufacturers from trying an experiment which, ne-
cessarily, involves much risk. We cannot but acknowledge
that the risk is great, but we are confident that the chances
of success are more than sufficient to warrant any establish-
ed maker in regarding such risk as nothing. If the experiment
succeed—that is to say, if the instrument is substantially
good—if it is a perfect instrument in every particular—we
prognosticate that in all the polished circles where great
players do congregate, and in all Concert Rooms, the Grand
Piano will supersede the humble Square.

We will now proceed to examine the piano manufac-
tured by Mr. Dubois. The exterior of the instrument is ex-
ceedingly beautiful; the case is made of rosewood of rare
and choice figure; its form is elegant, at once light and mas-
sive—in short, a more exquisite piece of handicraft we never
beheld. The construction of the interior exhibits many pe-
culiarities. In the first place, the strength, instead of being
found in the bottom, as in the Square, will be found in the
top. Experience proved to the English manufacturers that
all the strength that could be centered in the bottom was
quite insufficient to resist the tremendous draw upon the
strings; the instrument would in a measure yield up. To
obviate this signal defect, occupied the attention of the mak-
ers for a length of time. At last the present simple plan
was hit upon, (by Stodart of London, we believe,) namely,
the placing above the strings of the instrument longitudinal
iron tubes, so disposed as to offer a perfect resistance to the
draw of the strings in every part. The importance of the
improvement cannot fail to strike our readers at once; it in-
sures the instrument against yielding to any pressure, ren-
ders it more light and portable, and adds much to its ap-
pearance when open.

Each note is produced upon three separate strings, which
from their great length yield a powerful body of sound. The
lever which impels the hammer is of course increased in
proportion, without rendering the touch more heavy ; con-
sequently, the performer, on sitting down to this piano,
finds himself in possession of a wonderfully increased power
of effect. The tone of the instrument is of the most charm-
ing quality; it is at once clear, sweet, and brilliant, and ap-
proaches nearer the tone of the best English Grands, than
any we have heard this side of the Atlantic.

On the whole, we consider this experiment a most suc-
cessful one—it promises a most brilliant future. We shall
look forward with much anxiety to the next Grand Instru-
ment from the factory of Mr. Dubois. All our musical

78

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

friends, and amateurs, should visit Broadway, and examine
this fine Piano, and he who has the means to indulge in its
purchase, will be fortunate indeed.

MUSICAL AND THEATRICAL ITEMS.

We have every reason to believe that the ensuing season
will be a fortunate period for music and the drama. The
large amount of talent now tending towards this shore from
England, will make our people glad from one end of the
country to the other.

In the dramatic way, we are promised some very import-
ant additions. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean (formerly Miss
Ellen Tree,) will be here early in the season. How welcome
they will be, we need not attempt to say. Mrs. Kean is the
undoubted favourite of the whole of this vast continent;—she
has a host of friends in every city of the Union, and her suc-
cess is certain. Mr. Kean has also many admirers, and will,
doubtless, return home with an increased fame and much
“ money in his purse.”

Mr. and Mrs. Bland are also announced. Mrs. Bland is
the sister of Helen Faucitt. She is a lady of fine abilities.
We remember before she went to London, she was then
an excellent actress and an extraordinary favourite in Liver
pool. We have heard that her success in London was very
decisive, and we may reasonably expect that during the peri-
od of five years, she must have improved greatly. Her ap-
pearance is much in her favour. Her figure is well-proportion-
ed and singularly commanding, and her face is expressive and
intellectual. Mr. Bland, when we saw him in the Provinces,
was filling a very difficult line of business, that is, the gene-
rally useful line. He displayed good talent, and we shall
doubtless find him much improved after a lapse of years. He
is well known in theatrical circles for his literary abilities;
having written several successful dramas.

In the musical way, we are to receive a vast accession of
strength, both in the vocal and instrumental department.

Leopold de Meyer, whose name is known all over Europe,
is, we believe, already on his passage hither. As a pianist,
it is said that he has not a superior : even Listz and Thal-
berg have to acknowledge him their equal. So says the
world. We will not answer for its correctness in every par-
ticular. Leopold de Meyer is the only one, out of the many
extraordinary pianists now in Europe, that we have not
heard; we cannot, therefore, speak from personal knowledge,
but we find that good critics agree in according him a high
reputation.

Mr. Templeton is on his way here. He has held a promi-
nent rank in the London theatres for many years, and he
comes to us now in the pride of his health and strength, with
his voice in no way impaired by age. He has been giving
entertainments and lectures lately; finding them, we presume,
more profitable than theatrical engagements. We doubt the
success of his speculation. Henry Phillips tried the same
thing, but with all his acknowledged talent, he failed—to-
tally failed. With an operatic company, Mr. Templeton
would have been highly popular, but as a musical lecturer,
&c., we fear for him.

Mr. Horncastle, brother to the Horncastle lately of the
Olympic, is coming with the same class of entertainment.
We remember him for many years—he is indeed one of our
earliest recollections, and as a chaste and refined singer, he
has maintained his reputation up to this day.

Mr. Rophino Lacy has effected an arrangement with Mr.
Simpson, for his daughter, Miss Delcy. She is a young lady

of much personal appearance and excellent capabilities, and
will, we think, become a great favourite throughout the
country.

A Mr. Arthurson, whose name is new to us, is engaged
as tenor to the company, of which Miss Delcy is prima donna ;
we hear that much is expected from him in London. His
voice is said to be truly beautiful—of extraordinary compass,
and equal throughout.

Mr. Brough is said to be the bass of this party.

Mr. D. W. King is also coming to the Park theatre. He
is a most charming singer. His voice is a light tenor of ex-
cellent quality, and his school of singing is pure and refined.
He is a thorough musician, for he was educated as a King’s
Chapel Boy. Mr. D. W. King will prove a very welcome
addition to our musical strength.

Editorial Miscellany.

Mess. Wm. D. Ticknor & Co., of Boston, have in press
and will soon publish a volume of Poems by Mrs. Mary E.
Hewitt, of this city. Mrs. Hewitt has written numerous
short pieces, characterized by feeling and grace. We pre-
sume the forthcoming volume will comprise someone or two
compositions of greater length than any she has yet publish-
ed.

Mess. Clark and Austen have in preparation a collection
of the poetical writings of Mrs. Osgood. Although the well-
deserved celebrity of Mrs. O. is fully equal to that of any
American poetess, there has hitherto been no compilation of
her works—with the exception of the English “ Wreath of
Wild Flowers from New England.” She has been sadly
neglectful, we fear, both of her interest and her fame. We
shall give her new volume the most cordial of welcomes.

Great preparations are being made in the way of gift-
books for the holidays. “ The Missionary Memorial" is the
title of a very elegant volume to be edited by Mr. Saunders,
of this city. It is to be superbly printed on the finest paper,
and bound in gilt silk. The illustrative title and frontispiece
will be executed in the new process of oil colors by Baxter,
of London, expressly for the work. Among the contributors
will be Mrs. Sigourney, Miss Gould, Mrs. Osgood, Halleck,
Whittier, Tuckerman, Lowell, Sprague, Drs. Alexander,
Schroeder, Williams, Gardiner, Spring, S. H. Cone; Profess-
ors Mason and Fisher; Rev. Mess. Spalding, Dowling, Gris-
wold, Charles; Colton, Hoffman, Poe, and some others.
The title “ Missionary Memorial” is used, we presume, to
avoid the hackneyed term (or idea) Annual.

Mr. John Keese is preparing “ The Opal,” which has now
been in course of publication, we believe, for five years. It
will be unusually rich, however, this year, its contributions
are to be especially good, and the external book will be
greatly improved.

Mr. T. S. Arthur, of Philadelphia, the well known editor
of “ Arthur’s Magazine,” is also preparing an annual, which
we have good reason to believe, will vie with any of the
season. It will be issued by Ferret & Co.

Mr. Robert Hamilton, is getting ready “ The May-Flow-
er,” of which we have seen some specimen sheets which
promise remarkably well. This souvenir will at least equal
any of the others. Saxton and Kelt, of Boston, are the pub-
lishers.

“Ihe Gift,” so long and successfully issued by Mess.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

79

Carey and Hart, is suspended—will not be published this
season, if ever again.

The Corporation of Harvard University have invited, or
voted to invite, the Hon. Edward Everett to assume the Pres-
idency of the College. It is presumed he will accept the in-
vitation.

In the “ Times,” published at Columbus, Ga., we meet
with a very remarkable story entitled “ The Little Governess
and the Authoress.'' The narrative itself has great interest;
but we call it “ remarkable,” because we learn that it is the
work of a girl of fourteen—Miss Annabella S. Phelps—a
niece of Joseph Wallis, Esq., of this city. She is, or was,
a pupil at the Moravian (Litiz) Seminary, (in Lancaster,
Pa.,) of which the Rev. Eugene A. Freauff is principal. We
have seen several of Miss Phelps’ MSS—all evincing a high
order of talent.

We find the following in the Express (of this city,) where
it is accredited to the New-York Correspondent of the Cin-
cinnati Gazette:

“ There has been a flare-up in the Broadway Journal, which pre-
vented the appearance of one number a week or two since. It origi-
nated in some difference between one of the Editors and the Publisher.
The Editor undertook to get a new Publisher on the paper, and so the
Publisher turned round and put the name of the other Editor on his
sheet. Where the merits or demerits of the case lie, we do not pre-
tend to determine. The Journal has force—some good criticism, and
a good deal of bad. It needs more catholicity—more liberality, aud
a little less attempt at severity. With its flashy name exchanged for
something more dignified, and its main plan retained, it would soon be
the most able and entertaining weekly in the country.

“ I forgot to mention that there has been a flare-up in the Demo-
cratic Review, also, between the Editor and Mr. Langley, one of the
proprietors. Both better leave, for the paper cannot live with the
management it has had for the past year or two. It lives by plunder
of other people’s brains—a rather uncertain mode of existence, we
should imagine.”

We thank the New-York Correspondent of the Cincinnati
Courier for his good opinion, although given cum grano sa-
lis—but we would thank him at the same time to stick to
the truth. He is right only in the proportion of one word in
ten. What does he mean by “catholicity”? What does
he mean by calling “The Broadway Journal ” “a flashy
name ” ? What does he mean by “ putting the name of the
other editor on the paper”? The name of the “other edi-
tor” was never off the paper. What does he mean by his
pet phrase “ a flare-up”? There has been no flare-up either
in the case of “ The Broadway Journal” or of “ The Dem-
ocratic Review.”

THIS DAY IS PUBLISHED,

VERSE AND PROSE, by Thomas Hood—Part 1,

forming No. 16 of the Library of Choice Reading, beautifully
printed. Price 50 cents.

“ Of all the humorists, Hood was the most poetical. When deal-
ing with the most familiar subjects, whether it might be a sweep be-
wailing the suppression of his cry, or a mother searching through St.
Giles’s for her lost infant, or a Miss Kilmansegg’s golden childhood—
there was hardly a verse in which some touches of heart, or some play
of fancy, did not beckon the laughing reader away into far other
Worlds than the jester’s.”—London Athenœum.

“ The smile and the sigh were ever blended together ; the laugh at
the grotesque idea and whimsical imagination, (rarely seeing objects
as others saw them,) and the tear which must flow on such pathetic
narratives as Eugene Aram or the Old Elm Tree. Without a parallel
and original us Hood was in the ludicrous, his more enduring fame
will rest on the exquisitely humane and simply compassionate.”—Lite-
rary Gazette.

“ He was the inventer of a new sort of guano to fertilize men's
minds, and to make them produce larger crops of good actions: or rath-
er it was an intellectual compost that he invented, and the materials
of which were satire softened by kindness, and ridicule tempered with
good feeling.”—Hood's Magazine for June. Published and for sale
by	WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

HARPER & BROTHERS' LAST PUBLICATIONS.

1.

HARPER’S ILLUMINATED BIBLE. No. 34.

Price Twenty-Five Cents,

Comprising portions of the minor prophets to the 9th chapter of Amos.
The embellishments to this number include some of unsurpassed beau-

ty.

II.

HARPER’S ILLUMINATED SHAKSPEARE,

Nos. 61 and 62. Price Twenty-Five Cents.

 This new issue includes "Measure for Measure” and the commence-
ment of the "Tempest”—with the eqquisite designs after Kenny Mea-
dows, Weir, and others. It should be recollected that this edition of
Shakspeare combines the best features of the two best London edi-
tions, by Charles Knight and Tyas—rendering it the most perfect ever
presented to the public.

III.

TRAVELS OF MARCO POLO,

Newly collected from valuable MSS. in the Geographical Societies of
France and Italy, with copious notes and illustrations by Hugh Mur-
ray, with Maps, &c. 16mo. muslin. Price 50 Cents.

This well-known production, which forms No. 173 of “ The Family
Library,” has long been regarded as unique in geographical science.
Marco Polo has justly been styled the "Herodotus of the Middle
Ages.” and the discoverer of the Asiatic continent; his explorations
in the Chinese empire alone have never been exceeded, even to the
present day.

IV.

THE SEERESS OF PREVORST. Price 25 Cents.

“ A work replete with startling new facts on Mesmerism : the most
remarkable on the subject we have yet seen.”—Post.

v.

JOHN RONGE AND THE HOLY COAT OF TREVES.

Price 25 Cents.

“ A subject of the most absorbing interest throughout the whole
whole European Continent.”

VI.

DR. LEVER’S LATEST WORK—THE NEVILLES OF

GARRETSTOWN. Complete, price 12 1-2 Cents.

“ Equal to the best works of the favourite author of Charles O'Mal-
ley.”

VII.

JAMES’S NEW WORK—THE SMUGGLER. 25 Cents.

This new production of Mr. James is founded on on some stirring
incidents of past times on the Southern Coast of England ; it is charac-
terised by all the author's peculiaritics of style, the story being inter-
sected by many episodical involutions, which impart to it additional
interest.

VIII.

DE ROHAN. BY EUGENE SUE. Price 25 Cents.

“ Picturesque, bold, and highly dramatic—equal to any of his pre-
vious works.”—Sun.

IX.

PRAISE AND PRINCIPLE—Or, For What shall I Live?

By the author of “ Conquest and Self-Conquest,” “ Woman an Enig-
ma,” &c. I8 mo. cloth gilt. Price 48 1-2 Cents. A charming volume,
elegantly written, well sustained in Us interest, and rife with excellent
moral teaching.

x.

CYCLOPEDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY. No. 8. Pr. 26 Cts.

XI.

MISS BREMER's NEW WORK—THE PARSONAGE OF MO-
RA, OR LIFE IN DALECARLIA. Price One Shilling.

In this new work Frederika Bremer presents many of her pretty and
picturesque scenes, add introduces many of her high minded and ro-
mantic characters, with their spirit stirring colloquies : the story also

includes interesting sketches of those Northern subterranean worlds—

the copper mines of Fahlua.

xti.

EVELINA, by Miss Burney (since Marlame D’Arblay). New
edition, 18mo. Price 25 Cents.

This renowned production has long been considered as a classic of
our language. The work appeared anonymously, the disclosure of
the authorship of which, it will be remembered, led to the deeply in-
teresting scene which ensued between the father and daughter—their
mingled surprise and delight.

XIII.

DR. COPLAND’S MEDICAL DICTIONARY. No. 10. 60 Cts.

This new issue includes a scries of topics of vital interest to the
Medical faculty ot the country. The design and execution of this pop-
ular production, evince the most consummate skill and research ; ev-
ery person who desires a thorough digest of Medical Science, must ap
preciate its high value.

xv.

PROF. LEWIS’S PLATO ON ATHEISTS. Price $1 50.

80

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

A CARD.

WM. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANO-

 FORTE, ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank street,
where his terms for giving instruction can be ascertained.	my 17

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER.—JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near Elm. A
Large Stock of the finest instruments always on hand. Terms mode-
rate. FOR SALE—A Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a
great bargain for cash.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made
from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful
workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the busines.

N. B. Wanted, a second-hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes on hire by the month.

PIANO FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to
the elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establish-
ment, corner of Cottage Place and Bleecker street, which he will sell
at prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twen-
ty years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two
of the largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying that
his instruments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the
best makers in this country or Europe, and that they contain all the
real improvements of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and
Repaired.

New York, April 23d, 1845.

PIANO FORTES. The Subscribers, while return-

ing thanks to their numerous friends and to the public, would, at
the same time call attention to their Stock of Instruments, of six and
seven octaves, just finished, in elegant Rosewood and mahogany cases.

The subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM, 361 Broadway.
Manufactory, 13th st., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

PIANO FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

(formerly Conductor to Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway,
will keep a complete assortment of the latest approved Grand Action
Piano Fortes, of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to
guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish,
and to endure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard

prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on
ire.

THE BŒHM FLUTE.

PHILIP ERSNT, Teacher of the Flute and Gui-

tar, would inform the lovers of Music that he has now for sale
several of the above celebrated instruments, constructed in every re-
spect in accordance with those now in use at the Paris and London
Royal Academies. To he seen at PHILIP ERNST’S Music Saloon,
395 Broadway, near Walker.

JUST PUBLISHED.

By Paine & Burgess, 62 John St.,

No. 1 of the Medici series of Italian Prose.

THE CHALLENGE OF BARLETTA, AN HIS-

torical Romance of the Times of the Medici, by Azeglio. Trans-
lated by C. Edwards Lester, U. S. Consul at Genoa. Author of “The
Glory and Shame of England,” &c. &c. This work is founded on the
most thrilling and romantic incidents in the chivalric history of Italy.
Chevalier Buyaul. the mirror of chivalry, Cæsar Borgia, the Colloni,
Gonsalvo of Cordova, &c., are the principal characters. Price 50
cents.

in press.

2 and 3, The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli. 2 vols.

4.	The Citizen of a Republic.

5.	The Autobiography of Altieri.

IN PREPARATION.

The Artist, The Merchant and The Statesman. 2 vols. By C.
Edwards Lester.

THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published monthly, at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since

1833, has a large subscription list, and is the principal organ of
Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the "Broad-
way Journal,” 133 Nassau streeet.

J. B. CAREY 8c. CO.,

ARTISTS,

MANUFACTURERS OF ORNAMENTAL SHOW

CARDS adapted for Utility, as well Adornment, for stores in all
kinds of business. Specimens may be seen in the leading stores of the
principal cities of the Union.

Agents for Boston: Messrs. Sowle & Shaw. Mr. J. L. Lazarus is
now visiting the Eastern States, all orders received by him will meet
with prompt attention. 34 Beekman-Strect, (late 323 Broadway.)

Observe ! Our names are printed at the foot of each card, and
we caution the public that imitators are in the field.	Jy 26

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

THE FIRST PREMIUM AWARDED FIVE YEARS BY THE AMERICAN INSTI-
TUTE FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF-HAND PENMANSHIP.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough course
of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and Sta-
tionery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M.. 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P. M., daily, for gentlemen,
and from 11 to 1 o’clock, for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale "Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

A. G. BAGLEY’S

CELEBRATED IMPROVED EVER-POINTED

GOLD PEN.

THIS PEN RECEIVED THE HIGHEST PRE-

mium at the last Fair of the American Institute, and has been pro-
nounced by the First Teachers of Penmanship in the country, to be
infinitely superior to any Gold Pen ever before introduced to the Ame-
rican public. The lasting properties of this Pen are undoubted, owing
to the total absence of corrosibility from any of the inks in use; and the
peculiar shape of the nibs—which was first introduced by Bagley—
makes it more pleasant to use, renders it less liable to damage, more
easy to repair, and prevents the necessity of the great care that other
articles of the kind require.

MANUFACTORY, 189 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

Jy 26

BERTINI’S METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive work
yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this me-
thod, the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases.
The most prominent feature of this work is that the lessons, exerci-
ses, scales and studies are given in such progressive order, that they
enlist the interest of pupils, and carry them almost imperceptibly
through those mechanical difficulties which, otherwise, are too often
made irksome iu other instruction books. The time has arrived when
a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account, and it is
only by the study of such methods us Bertini’s that pupils will be ena-
bled to read music with facility, aud at the same time become good
musicians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner; the
rudiments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and
each lesson is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

The publishers are in possession ol the highest recommendations
from professional gentlemen, who speak of the superior merits of
BErtini’s Method over all others yet published in this country, most
of them hiving used the foreign copies previously. It will only be
necessary to give a few of the names in the principal cities.

Boston.	New-York.

Messr. G. J. Webb,	Messrs. H. C. Timm,

J. G. Maeder,	W. Alpers,

H. T. Hach,	U. C. Hill,

E. L. White,	F. H. Brown,

David Paine,	Philadelphia.

A. Kurek,	B. C. Cross

T. B. Moses.	Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw.

Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the
work. American edition published by E. H. WADE acd W. H.
OAKES, 197 Washington street, Boston

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co. ..................Boston, Mass.

Colon & Adriance,...............Philadelphia,	Pa.

R. G. H. HUNTINGTON.............Hartford, Ct.

George Jones, ........ . Albany, N. Y.

Thomas H. Pease.................New-Haven, Ct.

L.	Willard.....................Troy, N. Y.

M.	Baullemet,..................Mobile, Al.

J. C. Morgan, . . , .............. New Orleans.

Robinson & Jones,. ....... Cincinnati, O.

D. M. Dewey.....................Rochester. N. Y.

J. Robertson,...................Syracuse, N. Y.

W. E. Husiell,..................Schenectady, N. Y.

Haliburton & Dudley,............Boston, Mass.