THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 18,1845.	NO. 15.

Three Dollars per Annum.	Edited BY	Published at 135 Nassau-st

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	EDGAR A. POE AND HENRY O. WATSON.	By JOHN BISCO.

Stanzas.

Thou hast eyes like stars, and sweetness
Which no fruit of earth supplies;

Thou hast angel grace, and fleetness,

Like some bird of upper skies;—

Let not earthly charms go higher,

Than the ones which should aspire,—

Be thy spirit like thine eyes—

As to them so lavish given,

Clothe it too in hues of heaven.

Bid it bless where now it kindles,

Let not mocking spirits say
That thy holy beauty dwindles
To a common mortal ray;—

Be the wicked speech confounded,

Take the captive thou hast wounded,

Prove that eyes, that so can slay,

Have an attribute the more
When the stricken they restore!

W. Gilmore Simms.

King Pest.

A TALE CONTAINING AN ALLEGORY.

The gods do bear and well allow in kings
The things which they abhor in rascal routes.

Buckhurst's Tragedy of Ferrez and Porrez.

About twelve o’clock, one night in the month of Octo-
ber, and during the chivalrous reign of the third Edward,
two seamen belonging to the crew of the “Free and Ea-
sy.” a trading schooner plying between Sluys and the
Thames, and then at anchor in that river, were much as-
tonished to find themselves seated in the tap-room of an
ale-house in the parish of St. Andrews, London—which
ale-house bore for sign the portraiture of a “Jolly Tar.”

The room, although ill-contrived, smoke-blackened,
low-pitched, and in every other respect agreeing with
the general character of such places at the period—was,
nevertheless, in the opinion of the grotesque groups scat-
tered here and there within it, sufficiently well adapted
to its purpose.

Of these groups our two seamen formed, I think, the
most interesting, if not the most conspicuous.

The one who appeared to be the elder, and whom his
companion addressed by the characteristic appellation of
"Legs,” was at the same time much the taller of the
two. He might have measured six feet and a half, and
an habitual stoop in the shoulders seemed to have been
the necessary consequence of an altitude so enormous.
Superfluities in height were, however, more than ac-
counted for by deficiencies in other respects. He was
exceedingly thin; and might, as his associates asserted,
have answered, when drunk, for a pennant at the mast-

head, or, when sober, have served for a jib-boom. But
these jests, and others of a similar nature, had evidently
produced, at no time, any effect upon the cachinnatory
muscles of the tar. With high cheek-bones, a large
hawk-nose, retreating chin, fallen under-jaw, and huge
protruding white eyes, the expression of his countenance,
although tinged with a species of dogged indifference to
matters and things in general, was not the less utterly
solemn and serious beyond all attempts at imitation or
description.

The younger seaman was, in all outward appearance,
the converse of his companion. His stature could
not have exceeded four feet. A pair of stumpy bow-legs
supported his squat, unwieldly figure, while his unusual-
ly short and thick arms, with no ordinary fists at their
extremities, swung off dangling from his sides like the
fins of a sea-turtle. Small eyes, of no particular color,
twinkled far back in his head. His nose remained buried
in the mass of flesh which enveloped his round, full, and
purple face; and his thick upper-lip rested upon the still
thicker one beneath with an air of complacent self-satis-
faction, much heightened by the owner’s habit of licking
them at intervals. He evidently regarded his tall ship-
mate with a feeling half-wondrous, half-quizzical; and
stared up occasionally in his face as the red setting sun
stares up at the crags of Ben Nevis.

Various and eventful, however, had been the peregri-
nations of the worthy couple in and about the different
tap-houses of the neighbourhood during the earlier hours
of the night. Funds even the most ample, are not al-
ways everlasting: and it was with empty pockets our
friends had ventured upon the present hostelrie.

At the precise period, then, when this history properly
commences, Legs, and his fellow Hugh Tarpaulin, sat,
each with both elbows resting upon the large oaken ta-
ble in the middle of the floor, and with a hand upon ei-
ther cheek. They were eyeing, from behind a huge
flagon of unpaid-for “humming-stuff,” the portentous
words, “No Chalk,” which to their indignation and as-
tonishment were scorefl over the doorway by means of
that very mineral whose presence they purported to de-
ny. Not that the gift of decyphering written charac-
ters—a gift among the commonalty of that day consider-
ed little less cabalistical than the art of inditing—could,
in strict justice, have been laid to the charge of either
disciple of the sea; but there was, to say the truth, a
certain twist in the formation of the letters—an indescri-
bable lee-iurch about the whole—which foreboded, in
the opinion of both seamen, a long run of dirty weather;
and determined them at once, in the allegorical words of
Legs himself, to “pump ship, clew up all sail, and scud
before the wind.”

Having accordingly disposed of what remained of the
ale, and looped up the points of their short doublets, they
finally made a bolt for the street. Although Tarpaulin
rolled twice into the fire-place, mistaking it for the door,

220

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

yet their escape was at length happily effected—and
half after twelve o’clock found our heroes ripe for mis-
chief, and running for life down a dark alley in the direc-
tion of St. Andrew’s Stair, hotly pursued by the landlady
of the “Jolly Tar.”

At the epoch of this eventful tale, and periodically,
for many years before and after, all England, but more
especially the metropolis, resounded with the fearful cry
of “Plague!” The city was in a great measure depo-
pulated—and in those horrible regions, in the vicinity of
the Thames, where amid the dark, narrow, and filthy
lanes and alleys, the Demon of Disease was supposed to
have had his nativity, Awe, Terror, and Superstition
were alone to be found stalking abroad.

By authority of the king such districts were placed
-under ban, and all persons forbidden, under pain of death,
to intrude upon their dismal solitude. Yet neither the
mandate of the monarch, nor the huge barriers erected
at the entrances of the streets, nor the prospect of that
loathsome death which, with almost absolute certainty,
overwhelmed the wretch whom no peril could deter from
the adventure, prevented the unfurnished and untenant-
ed dwellings from being stripped, by the hand of night-
ly rapine, of every article, such as iron, brass, or lead-
work, which could in any manner be turned to a pro-
fitable account.

Above all, it was usually found, upon the annual win-
ter opening of the barriers, that locks, bolts, and secret
cellars, had proved but slender protection to those rich
stores of wines and liquors which, in consideration of
the risk and trouble of removal, many of the numerous
dealers having shops in the neighbourhood had consent-
ed to trust, during the period of exile, to so insufficient
a security.

But there were very few of the terror-stricken people
who attributed these doings to the agency of human
hands. Pest-spirits, plague-goblins, and fever-demons,
were the popular imps of mischief; and tales so blood-
chilling were hourly told, that the whole mass of forbid-
den buildings was, at length, enveloped in terror as in a
shroud, and the plunderer himself was often scared away
by the horrors his own depredations had created; leav-
ing the entire vast circuit of prohibited district to gloom,
silence, pestilence, and death.

It was by one of the terrific barriers already mention-
ed, and which indicated the region beyond to be under
the Pest-ban, that, in scrambling down an alley, Legs
and the worthy Hugh Tarpaulin found their progress
suddenly impeded. To return was out of the question,
and no time was to be lost, as their pursuers were close
upon their heels. With thorough-bred seamen to clam-
ber up the roughly fashioned plank-work was a trifle;
and, maddened with the twofold excitement of exercise
and liquor, they leaped unhesitatingly down within the
enclosure, and holding on their drunken course with
shouts and yellings, were soon bewildered in its noisome
and intricate recesses.

Had they not, indeed, been intoxicated beyond moral
sense, their reeling footsteps must have been palsied by
the horrors of their situation. The air was cold and
misty. The paving-stones, loosened from their beds, lay
in wild disorder amid the tall, rank grass, which sprang
up around the feet and ankles. Fallen houses choked
up the streets. The most fetid and poisonous smells
everywhere prevailed;—and by the aid of that ghastly
light which, even at midnight, never fails to emanate
from a vapory and pestilential atmosphere, might be dis-

cerned lying in the by-paths and alleys, or rotting in
the windowless habitations, the carcass of many a noc-
turnal plunderer arrested by the hand of the plague in
the very perpetration of his robbery.

—But it lay not in the. power of images, or sensations,
or impediments such as these, to stay the course of men
who, naturally brave, and at that time especially, brim-
ful of courage and of “humming-stuff!” would have
reeled, as straight as their condition might have permit-
ted, undauntedly into the very jaws of Death. Onward
—still onward stalked the grim Legs, making the deso-
late solemnity echo and re-echo with yells like the ter-
rific war-whoop of the Indian: and onward, still onward
rolled the dumpy Tarpaulin, hanging on to the doublet
of his more active companion, and far surpassing the
latter’s most strenuous exertions in the way of vocal mu-
sic, by bull-roarings in basso, from the profundity of his
stentorian lungs.

They had now evidently reached the strong hold of
the pestilence. Their way at every step or plunge grew
more noisome and more horrible—the paths more narrow
and more intricate. Huge stones and beams falling mo-
mently from the decaying roofs above them, gave evi-
dence, by their sullen and heavy descent, of the vast
height of the surrounding houses; and while actual exer-
tion became necessary to force a passage through frequent
heaps of rubbish, it was by no means seldom that the
hand fell upon a skeleton or rested upon a more fleshey
corpse.

Suddenly, as the seamen stumbled against the entrance
of a tall and ghastly-looking building, a yell more than
usually shrill from the throat of the excited Legs, was
replied to from within, in a rapid succession of wild,
laughter-like, and fiendish shrieks. Nothing daunted
at sounds which, of such a nature, at such a time, and
in such a place, might have curdled the very blood in
hearts less irrevocably on fire, the drunken couple rushed
headlong against the door, burst it open, and staggered
into the midst of things with a volley of curses.

The room within which they found themselves proved
to be the shop of an undertaker; but an open trap-door,
in a corner of the floor near the entrance, looked down
upon a long range of wine-cellars, whose depths the oc-
casional sound of bursting bottles proclaimed to be well
stored with their appropriate contents. In the middle of
the room stood a table—in the centre of which again
arose a huge tub of what appeared to be punch. Bottles
of various wines and cordials, together with jugs, pitch-
ers, and flagons of every shape and quality, were scat-
tered profusely upon the board. Around it, upon coffin-
tressels, was seated a company of six. This company
I will endeavor to delineate one by one.

Fronting the entrance, and elevated a little above his
companions, sat a personage who appeared to be the pre-
sident of the table. His stature was gaunt and-tall, and
Legs was confounded to behold in him a figure more
emaciated than himself. His face was as yellow as saf-
fron—but no feature excepting one alone, was sufficiently
 marked to merit a particular description. This one con-
sisted in a forehead so unusually and hideously lofty, as
to have the appearance of a bonnet or crown of flesh su-
perseded upon the natural head. His mouth was puck-
ered and dimpled into an expression of ghastly affabili-
ty, and his eyes, as indeed the eyes of all at table, were
glazed over with the fumes of intoxication. This gen-
tleman was clothed from head to foot in a richly-em-
broidered black silk-velvet pall, wrapped negligently

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

221

around his form after the fashion of a Spanish cloak.—
His head was stuck full of sable hearse-plumes, which
he nodded to and fro with a jaunty and knowing air;
and, in his right hand, he held a huge human thigh-
Lone, with which he appeared to have been just knock-
ing down some member of the company for a song.

Opposite him, and with her back to the door, was a
lady of no whit the less extraordinary character. Al-
though quite as tall as the person just described, she
had no right to complain of his unnatural emaciation.
She was evidently in the last stage of a dropsy; and her
figure resembled nearly that of the huge puncheon of
October beer which stood, with the head driven in, close
by her side, in a corner of the chamber. Her face was
exceedingly round, red, and full; and the same peculiar-
ity, or rather want of peculiarity, attached itself to her
countenance, which I before mentioned in the case of the
president—that is to say, only one feature of her face
was sufficiently distinguished to need a separate charac-
terization: indeed the acute Tarpaulin immediately ob-
served that the same remark might have applied to each
individual person of the party, every one of whom seem-
ed to possess a monopoly of some particular portion of
physiognomy. With the lady in question this portion
proved to be the mouth. Commencing at the right ear, it
swept with a terrific chasm to the left—the short pen-
dants which she wore in either auricle continually bob-
ting into the aperture. She made however, every exer-
tion to keep her mouth closed and look dignified, in a
dress consisting of a newly starched and ironed shroud
coming up close under her chin, with a crimpled ruffle of
cambric muslin.

At her right hand sat a diminutive young lady whom
she appeared to patronise. This delicate little creature,
in the trembling of her wasted fingers, in the livid hue
of her lips, and in the slight hectic spot which tinged
her otherwise leaden complexion, gave evident indica-
tions of a galloping consumption. An air of extreme
haul ton, however, pervaded her whole appearance; she
wore in a graceful and degage manner, a large and
beautiful winding-sheet of the finest India lawn; her
hair hung in ringlets over her neck; a soft smile played
about her mouth; but her nose, extremely long, thin, sin-
nous, flexible and pimpled, hung down far below her un-
der lip, and in spite of the delicate manner in which she
now and then moved it to one side or the other with her
tongue, gave to her countenance a somewhat equivocal

expression.

Over against her, and upon the left of the dropsi-
cal lady, was seated a little puffy, wheezing, and
gouty old man, whose cheeks reposed upon the shoulders
of their owner, like two huge bladders of Oporto wine.
With his arms folded, and with one bandaged leg depos-
ited upon the table, he seemed to think himself entitled
to some consideration. He evidently prided himself
much upon every inch of his personal appearance, but
took more especial delight in calling attention to his
gaudy-colored surtout. This, to say the truth, must have
cost him no little money, and was made to fit him ex-
ceedingly well—being fashioned from one of the curi-
ously embroidered silken covers appertaining to those
glorious escutcheons which, in England and elsewhere,
are customarily hung up, in some conspicuous place,
upon the dwellings of departed aristocracy.

Next to him, and at the right hand of the president,
Was a gentleman in long white hose and cotton drawers.
His frame shook, in a ridiculous manner, with a fit of

what Tarpaulin called “the horrors.” His jaws, which
had been newly shaved, were tightly tied up by a band-
age of muslin; and his arms being fastened in a similar way at the wrists, prevented him from helping him-
self too freely to the liquors upon the table; a precau-
tion rendered necessary, in the opinion of Legs, by the
peculiarly sottish and wine-bibbing cast of his visage.
A pair of prodigious ears, nevertheless, which it was no
doubt found impossible to confine, towered away into
the atmosphere of the apartment, and were occasion-
ally pricked up in a spasm, at the sound of the drawing
of a cork.

Fronting him, sixthly and lastly, was situated a singu-
larly stiff-looking personage, who, being afflicted with
paralysis, must, to speak seriously, have felt very ill at
ease in his unaccomodating habiliments. He was habit-
ed, somewhat uniquely, in a new and handsome mahog-
any coffin. Its top or head-piece pressed upon the skull
of the wearer, and extended over it in the fashion of a
hood, giving to the entire face an air of indescribable in-
terest. Arm-holes had been cut in the sides, for the sake
not more of elegance than of convenience; but the
dress, nevertheless, prevented its proprietor from sitting
as erect as his associates; and as he lay reclining
against his tressel, at an angle of forty-five degrees, a
pair of huge goggle eyes rolled up their awful whites
towards the ceiling in absolute amazement at their own
enormity.

Before each of the party lay a portion of a skull,
which was used as a drinking cup. Overhead was sus-
pended a human skeleton, by means of a rope tied
round one of the legs and fastened to a ring in the ceil-
ing. The other limb confined by no such fetter, stuck
off from the body at right angles, causing the whole
loose and rattling frame to dangle and twirl about at
the caprice of every occasional puff of wind which found
its way into the aparment. In the cranium of this hi-
deous thing lay a quantity of ignited charcoal, which
threw a fitful but vivid light over the entire scene; while
coffins, and other wares appertaining to the shop of an
undertaker, were piled high up around the room, and
against the windows, preventing any ray from escaping
into the street.

At sight of this extraordinary assembly, and of their
still more extraordinary paraphernalia, our two seamen
did not conduct themselves with that degree of de-
corum which might have been expected. Legs, leaning
against the wall near which he happened to be standing,
dropped his lower law still lower than usual, and spread
open his eyes to their fullest extent: while Hugh Tar-
paulin, stooping down so as to bring his nose upon a
level with the table, and spreading out a palm upon
either knee, burst into a long, loud, and obstreprons
roar of very ill-timed and immoderate laughter.

Without, however, taking offence at behaviour so ex-
cesssvely rude, the tall president smiled very gracious-
ly upon the intruders—nodded to them in a dignified
manner with his head of sable plumes—and, arising,
took each by an arm, and led him to a seat which some
others of the company had placed in the meantime for
his accommodation. Legs to all this offered not the
slightest resistance, but sat down as he was directed;
while the gallant Hugh, removing his coffin tressel
from its station near the head of the table, to the vicini-
ty of the little consumptive lady in the winding sheet,
plumped down by her side in high glee, and pouring out
a skull of red wine, quaffed it to their better acquain-

222

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

tance. But at this presumption the stiff gentleman in the
coffin seemed exceedingly nettled; and serious conse-
quences might have ensued, had not the president, rap-
ping upon the table with his truncheon, diverted the at-
tention of all present to the following speech:

“It becomes our duty upon the present happy occa-
sion”—

“Avast there!” interrupted Legs, looking very serious,
“avast there a bit, I say, and tell us who the devil ye all
are, and what business ye have here, rigged off like the
foul fiends, and swilling the snug blue ruin stowed away
for the winter by my honest shipmate, Will Wimble the
undertaker!”

At this unpardonable piece of ill-breeding, all the ori-
ginal company half started to their feet, and uttered the
same rapid succession of wild fiendish shrieks which
had before caught the attention of the seamen. The
president, however, was the first to recover his compo-
sure, and at length, turning to Legs with great dignity,
recommenced:

“Most willingly will we gratify any reasonable curi-
osity on the part of guests so illustrious, unbidden though
they be. Know then that in these dominions I am mon-
arch, and here rule with undivided empire under the ti-
tle of ‘King Pest the First.’

“This apartment, which you no doubt profanely sup-
pose to be the shop of Will Wimble the undertaker—a
man whom we know not, and whose plebeian appellation
has never before this night thwarted our royal ears—
this apartment. I say, is the Dais-Chamber of our Palace,
devoted to the councils of our kingdom, and to other sa-
cred and lofty purposes.

“The noble lady who sits opposite is Queen Pest, our
Serene Consort. The other exalted personages whom
you behold are all of our family, and wear the insignia
of the blood royal under the respective titles of ‘ His
Grace the Arch Duke Pest-Iferous'—His Grace the Duke
Pest-Ilential’—‘His Grace the Duke Tem-Pest’—and
‘Her Serene Highness the Arch Duchess Ana-Pest.’

“As regards,” continued he, “your demand of the
business upon which we sit here in council, we might be 
pardoned for replying that it concerns, and concerns 
alone, our own private and regal interest, and is in no j
manner important to any other than ourself. But in con-
sideration of those rights to which as guests and stran-
gers you may feel yourselves entitled, we will further-
more explain that we are here this night, prepared by
deep research and accurate investigation, to examine, an-
alyze,and thoroughly determine the indefinable spirit—
the incomprehensible qualities and nare—of those ines-
timable treasures of the palate, the wines, ales, and li-
queurs of this goodly metropolis: by so doing to advance
not more our own designs than the true welfare of that
unearthly sovereign whose reign is over us all, whose
dominions are unlimited, and whose name is ‘Death,’”
“Whose name is Davy Jones!” ejaculated Tarpaulin,
helping the lady by his side to a skull of liqueur, and
pouring out a second for himself.

“Profane varlet!” said the president, now turning his
attention to the worthy Hugh, “profane and execrable
wretch!—we have said, that in consideration of those
rights which, even in thy filthy person, we feel no incli-
nation to violate, we have condescended to make reply
to thy rude and unseasonable inquiries. We neverthe-
less, for your unhallowed intrusion upon our councils,
believe it our duty to mulct thee and thy companion in
each a gallon of Black Strap—having imbibed which to

the prosperity of our kingdom—at a single draught—and
upon your bended knees—ye shall be forthwith free
either to proceed upon your way, or remain and be ad-
mitted to the privileges of our table, according to your
respective and individual pleasures.”

“It would be a matter of utter unpossibility” replied
Legs, whom the assumptions and dignity of King Pest
the First had evidently inspired with some feelings of re-
spect, and who arose and steadied himself by the table
as he spoke—“it would, please your majesty, be a mat-
ter of utter unpossibility to stow away in my hold even
one-fourth part of that same liquor which your majesty
has just mentioned. To say nothing of the stuffs placed
on board in the forenoon by way of ballast, and not to
mention the various ales and liqueurs shipped this even-
ing at different sea-ports, I have, at present, a full cargo
of ‘humming stuff’ taken in and duly paid for at the
sign of the ‘Jolly Tar.’ You will, therefore, please your
majesty, be so good as to take the will for the deed—for
by no manner of means either can I or will I swallow
another drop—least of all a drop of that villanous bilge-
water that answers to the hail of ‘ Black Strap.’”

“Belay that!” interrupted Tarpaulin, astonished not
more at the length of his companion’s speech than at the
nature of his refusal—“Belay that you lubber!—and I
say, Legs, none of your palaver! My hull is still light,
although I confess you yourself seem to be a litte top-
heavy; and as for the matter of your share of the cargo,
why rather than raise a squall I would find stowage-room
for it myself, but”——

“This proceeding,’’interposed the President, “is by no
means in accordance with the terms of the mulct or sen-
tence, which is in its nature Median, and not to be altered
or recalled. The conditions we have imposed must be
fulfilled to the letter, and that without a moment’s hesi-
tation—in failure of which fulfilment we decree that you
do here be tied neck and heels together, and duly drown-
ed as rebels in yon hogshead of October beer!”

“A sentence!—a sentence!—a righteous and just sen-
tence!—a glorious decree!—a most worthy and upright,
 and holy condemnation!” shouted the Pest family alto-
 gether. The king elevated his forehead into innumerable
 wrinkles; the gouty little old man puffed like a pair of
bellows; the lady of the winding sheet waved her nose to
and fro; the gentleman in the cotton drawers pricked up
his ears; she of the shroud gasped like a dying fish; and
 he of the coffin looked stiff' and rolled up his eyes.

“Ugh! ugh! ugh!” chuckled Tarpaulin without heed-
ing the general excitation, “ugh! ugh! ugh!—ugh! ugh!
ugh! ugh!—ugh! ugh! ugh!—I was saying," said he,
“I was saying when Mr. King Pest poked in his mar-
lin-spike, that as for the matter of two or three gallons
more or less of Black Strap, it was a trifle to a tight sea-
boat like myself not overstowed—but when it comes to
drinking the health of the Devil (whom God assoilzie)
and going down upon my marrow bones to his ill-favored
majesty there, whom I know, as well as I know myself
to be a sinner, to be nobody in the whole world, but Tim
Hurlygurly the stage-player—why! its quite another
guess sort of a thing, and utterly and altogether past my
comprehension.”

He was not allowed to finish this speech in tranquility-
At the name of Tim Hurlygurly the whole assembly
leaped from their seats.

“Treason!" shouted his Majesty King Pest the First-

“Treason!” said the little man with the gout.

“Treason!” screamed the Arch Duchess Ana-Pest.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

223

“Treason!” muttered the gentleman with his jaws lied
up.

“Treason!” growled he of the coffin.

“Treason! treason!” shrieked her majesty of the
mouth ; and, seizing by the hinder part of his breeches
the unfortunate Tarpaulin, who had just commenced
pouring out for himself a skull of liqueur, she lifted him
high into the air, and let him fall without ceremony in-
to the huge open puncheon of his beloved ale. Bobbing
up and down, for a few seconds, like an apple in a bow)
of toddy, he, at length, finally disappeared amid the
whirlpool of foam which, in the already effervescent li-
quor, his struggles easily succeeded in creating.

Not tamely, however, did the tall seaman behold the
discomfiture of his companion. Jostling King Pest
through the open trap, the valiant Legs slammed the
door down upon him with an oath, and strode towards
the centre of the room. Here tearing down the skeleton
which swung over the table, he laid it about him with so
much energy and good will, that, as the last glimpses of
light died away within the apartment, he succeeded in
knocking out the brains of the little gentleman with the
gout. Rushing then with all his force against the fatal
hogshead full of October ale and Hugh Tarpaulin, he
rolled it over and over in an instant. Out burst a deluge
of liquor so fierce—so impetuous—so overwhelming—
that the room was flooded from wall to wall—the loaded
table was overturned—the tressels were thrown upon
their backs—:the tub of punch into the fire-place—and
the ladies into hysterics. Piles of death-furniture flound-
ered about. Jugs, pitchers, and carboys mingled pro-
miscuously in the melee, and wicker flagons encountered
desperately with bottles of junk. The man with the
horrors was drowned upon the spot—the little stiff gentle-
man floated off in his coffin—and the victorious Legs,
seizing by the waist the fat lady in the shroud, rushed
out with her into the street, and made a bee-line for the
“Free and Easy,” followed under easy sail by the re-
doubtable Hugh Tarpaulin, who, having sneezed three or
four times, panted and puffed after him with the Arch
Duchess Ana-Pest.	Littleton Barry.

The Unattainable.

Oft from eventide transitions
And from music’s sweet surprises,

From day-dreams and starlight visions
I can picture paradises—

Ah! if fancies might be things,

Then, of objects sublunary,

Of the whole wide world a-weary,

I would fly to realms of Fancy—

But I want the wings.

Manhood I have never bended
Save before high thrones of Beauty,

To Ideals which far transcended
Aught that could command my duty
On this darkling, desert orb.

Woman I have loved—but lightly—

Young hearts burn—but burn too brightly—

Theirs is not the flame which nightly
Souls of stars absorb!

Tremulous and transitory,

Moths in moonlight, our desires
Die, attaining not the glory
Which hath won them to its fires,—

Glimpses of what Heaven allows:

Crowned with ever-living laurel,

Joining in Joy’s anthem choral,

Intellectual and moral
Beauty on our brows!

Oh! the consciousness convulses
That Hope faints in heavenward mounting,
Heart-beats break the heart, and pulses,

Throb on throb which we are counting,

Are but silent funeral knells,

Felt but heard not—Death is nearer,

All the while those chimes the dearer,

Nature darkening and drearer,

Till she drowns her bells.

Like to Night unstarred and noiseless,

Glooms the grave—and by its portal
Are the glimmering ghost-lights voiceless!

Know we that we are immortal?
Or is this a dream insane?
No—though dim are our discernings,

We believe that these heart-burnings
From our birth—these God-like yeaanings,

Were not given in vain.

WILLIAM Gibson, U. S. N

The Two Sailor Monkeys.

The first of these sailed on board a frigate, and, though
always in scrapes, was the favorite both of cabin and
ward-room, and indeed of every mess, except the mid-
shipmen’s, being perhaps disliked by these young gentle-
men, for the same reason that poor cousins (as a French
author observes) are ill seen by us, to wit, for approach-
ing them too nearly in nature.

All his pranks, however provoking at the moment,
seemed only to make him a greater favorite with the
crew. The captain himself, who studied pug’s happi-
ness as much as the others, and who perhaps thought he
might be somewhat steadied by matrimony, was anxious
to provide him with a wife.

For some time the happiness of the wedded pair ap-
peared to be complete; and the frigate sailed upon a
summer cruise during their honeymoon. The husband,
however, soon grew indifferent; and indifference was
soon succeeded by disgust. This was manifested by an-
gry looks, chatter, and even blows upon the female, per-
severing in her attentions.

All were much disappointed and scandalized at the
evil suceess of so promising a union.

At length, however, an apparent change took place in
the husband’s conduct, and was hailed with correspond-
ent joy by the ship’s company. Their pleasure was,
however, of short duration, for the traitor, having one
fine day decoyed his wife out to the end of the fore top-
gallant yard, as if to shew her something at sea, and set
down with her on the spar, slipped his paw under her
sitting part and tumbled her overboard. I never shall
forget the momentary horror with which this was wit-
nessed by all, with the exception of a French captain,
then a prisoner on board, who, turning to the second lieu-
tenant, exclaimed, “Parbleu, Monsieur, ce drole-la a
beaucoup de caractère.”

Another sailor monkey, who came under my cognizance,
if he did not shew so much character (or, to speak bet-
ter English, so much mind) as the first, was certainly
a beast of infinite humor. He went to sea, accompanied

224

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

by a bear, with a relation of mine, who was captain of a
small sloop of war, and who professed to take them with
a view to keeping his men in good humor. I believe it
was to minister to his own amusement. Probably both
objects were attained.

The monkey principally extracted his fun from the
bear. This beast, who was of a saturnine complexion,
indulged himself much in sleeping on the sunny side of
the deck. On these occasions the monkey would over-
haul his paws and twitch out any hair which he found
matted by tar or pitch, the suffering which to remain
seemed to be a great scandal in his opinion.

At other times he would open Bruin’s eyelids and
peep into his eyes, as if to ascertain what he was drea-
ming about. The bear, irritated at such liberties being
taken with his person, used to make clumsy attempts to
revenge himself; but his persecutor was off in an in-
stant. The rigging was, on these occasions, his place
of refuge. Thither he was indeed followed by his ene-
my; but poor Bruin was but an indifferent top-man, and
seldom got beyond lubber’s hole.

The monkey, on the contrary, was famous for his ac-
tivity, and for some time was entitled by the sailors,
“Deputy-captain of the fore top.” He obtained this de-
signation from a very singular practice. Having ob-
served the excitement produced on deck by the announce-
ment of a sail a-head, which, as well as the chase which
followed, seemed to be highly agreeable to him, the fore
top became his favorite station; from whence he made
his signals with great energy, chattering with a peculiar
scream when any vessel was in sight, and indicating by
signs in what direction it appeared.

Pug continued to volunteer his services for some time
in this manner, and constantly found his reward. But
at length, upon the sloop’s getting on bad cruising ground,
he found his employment dull, and, by way of enlivening
it, amused himself with giving false alarms.

He was started for this by the boatswain’s-mate, and
lost his rank of deputy-captain of the fore-top. In lieu
of which, moreover, he was new-named Monk the Ma-
rine; a denomination which he certainly knew to be op-
probrious, as he resented it with grimaces, chatter, and,
whenever he dared, with blows.

Though he was fond of the excitement of a chase, he
was not supposed to have good nerves, and those who
had seen him in action (he was, after the first experi-
ment, always sent below) made but an ill report of his
steadiness under fire.

This poor monkey came to a melancholy end. He had
observed a sick lieutenant, who breakfasted after the rest
of his mess, making his tea, and being accidentally left
alone in the gun-room, determined to imitate him. He
however succeeded ill in his mixture; for he infused a
paper of tobacco which was lying on the table, into the
pot, instead of tea, and afterwards swallowed it with its
accompaniments of milk and sugar. This ill-imagined
beverage produced the most fearful commotion in his in-
side, attended with long and loathsome vomitings; of
which he finally died.

The doctor, who was a materialist and an atheist, and
a most quarrelsome fellow, (he had killed two brother
officers in duels, one for only calling him Dr. Gallipot,)
attended him with more care than we had expected;
but the poor beast (as the purser said) was outward
bound, and could not be recalled.

The surgeon pronounced that pug died of the iliac pas-

sion, and announced this as a reason for believing that
man was but a better breed of monkey.*

To a Spirit. 

From the far-off Spirit Land,

Dost thou hail I

For thy thin and shadowy hand,

And that face so meek and bland,

And so pale,

And thy voice, so faint and lone,

And its melancholy tone,

Tell the tale.

O’er those herbless plains and drear,

Do these glide—

’Mid that voiceless atmosphere,

The shadows of the dear
That have died?
Cold, cheerless and alone,

Each to each unknown,

Side by side?

’Neath that sky so low and gray,

Like a cell—

Where the changeless twilight day
Never warms the mist away,

Do they dwell?—

Those funereal crowds,

With the grave-damp on their shrouds?
Spirit, tell!

Would a single shade obey,

Should I call 1
Or, divested from this clay
And its passions, do they stray
'Neath that pall,

Unhearing and unseeing,

With a blank and vacant being.

Lifeless all?

Of the Past do they retain
Not a gleam?
Or doth a hope remain
They shall ever wake again
To that dream

Of Love, which o’er the wave
Of the Lethe of the grave
Casts its beam?

I care not. Com’st thou here
To command
A mortal to appear
In that world of doubt and fear,

The Spirit Land?
Of a life of pain I tire,

Thou art here at my desire—

Give thy hand!

Remorse I feel not now,

Nor shall feel;

There’s no brand upon the brow
(For a brother) that I bow
To thy will:

But a sell-sustaining trust
In the Merciful and Just,

Arms me still.

Tis gone—a mournful shade,

As it came,

• From a clever jeu d’esprit published in the year 1825.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

225

With its misty robe arrayed
As if smitten and dismayed,

And in shame.

What power in Mercy lies,

When an evil phantom flies

At the name!	George B Wallis.

————

A Mountain Village.

The eastern extremity of the Taurus Mountains in
Nassau, though little known to English tourists, would
well repay those who might be tempted to explore it.— 
This part of the chain presents, in its narrow pastoral
valleys, clear purling streams, and wooded heights, sce-
nery of the utmost beauty, differing from that nearer to
the Rhine in its character of sylvan solitude, and perhaps
surpassing it in variety. The district here referred to
might he fairly included within a triangle drawn be-
tween the towns of Wiesbaden, Frankfort, and Hamburg.

One of the most beautiful homes of this district is Epp-
stein, ten miles distant from Wiesbaden, and delightfully
situated at the point of junction of four different valleys. 
“This village,” says the author of An Autumn near the
Rhine, “is one of the most wild sequestered abodes of,
man I ever beheld. Though almost all the mountain vil-
lages in Germnny have the same feudal character in 
their buildings and positions, I should select Eppstein in
preference, on giving the most perfect notion of the se-
cluded fastness of a feudal baron and his vassals. Eve-
rything here carries one back to the days of chivalry.— 
The situation of the village, wedged in a narrow defile,
between rocks and mountains, in the centre of a wild
district remote from the habitations of man, and where
nothing but the object of security could induce any mor-
tal to pitch his camp—the solid walls and low portals
which inclose about twenty or thirty mean houses—the 
massive towers and donjons of the old baronial castle, 
perched, like an eagle’s nest, on the most accessible point,
of rock overhanging the village—the winding approach
up the mountain half hid with brushwood—everything
transports one back to the thirteenth or fourteenth cen-
tury; and a slight stretch of imagination might people
the scene with the grim figures of the Count Gedefroi, or
the Count Eberhard of Eppstein and his mailed attend-
ants, arriving under the castle turrets from an encounter
with a neighboring knight. The village and its inhabi-
tants have an air of uncivilized and primitive rudeness,
which does not ill accord with the illusion.”

The family of Eppstein seems nearly as old as that of
Nassau: many of its members were chancellors of the
empire and archbishops of Mayence. One of them crown-
ed the Emperor Frederick Barbarossa, at Aix-la-Chapelle,
and afterwards was made Patriarch of Jerusalem. The
line became extinct in the sixteenth century: several of
their monuments still exist in the village church.

“The founder of the family was, of course, a hero;
and the report of the neighborhood is, that a knight, na-
med Eppo, hunting in the forest hard by, heard the sobs
and lamentations of a female, whom, on penetrating in-
to the forest, he found seated on a rock by the side of a
cave, wiping away her tears with her long tresses, and
Pouring forth bitter lamentations. She told him she was
chained there by a giant, who had slain her kindred, and
carried her away from her father’s castle. The giant
Was absent in the forest, but returned every day to sleep
at noon, on the summit of the mountain. Sir Eppo vow-

ed to deliver her; and the lady entreated him to go to
 her castle in the neighborhood, and procure from the
blind warder a magical net hanging up in the hall,
which her father had brought as a booty from Palestine.
The knight hastened to procure the net, and stretched it
on the spot where the giant slept. The lady strewed it
over with flowers—the giant lay down in it—was taken,
and hurled from the summit of the rock by the knight
to the valley below, of course the lady gave her hand
to her deliverer. The knight built a castle on the rock,
which he called Eppstein, (Eppo’s rock,) and here he
dwelt with his bride. To prove the truth of the story,
a whale’s rib, deposited over the gateway, is still point-
ed out as one of the giant’s bones.”

About three miles from Eppstein, is Konigstein: the
road whither lies through the pretty vale of Fischbach.

“The whole landscape, the hanging woods, variously
tinted by autumn, the jutting rocks, the sombre sequest-
ered recesses in the glen, and the lonely stillness which
pervades the scene, sometimes remind one of some of the
least wild of Salvator’s romantic scenes, or of thә cool
and lovely valleys of Gaspar Poussin.”

The Wife's Prayer.

Hear me!—Oh, hear me now!

By the red flush upon thy wasted cheek—

By the deep tracery o’er thy noble brow,

Hear me! bear with me, husband! while I speak!

I’ve marked thee day by day —

Thy hours are all of anxious, vague unrest—

Thine eye hath caught a stern, unwonted ray—

Thy lip hath lost all memory of its jest.

Thy wife sits pale beside—

Thy child shrinks back appaled from thine embrace—

Thy menials quail before thy mien of pride—

Thy very dog avoids thine altered face!

O! for poor Glory’s wreath,

Casting from thee all tenderness and gladness;

Thou track’st a phantom on, whose fiery breath
Drielh the way founts till thou thirst to madness!

My prayer is all for thee—

My life is thine! by our remembered bliss—

By all thine hours of watchful misery—

What meed hath fame to render thee for this!

If thou yet lov’st me, hear!

Now, while thy feet press onward to the goal,

Turn thee! oh! turn thee in thy stem career,

And thrust this mad Ambition from thy soul!

Mary E Hewitt.

The Bishop and his house-Keeper.

In a city in the south of France, which we will not
name at present, there lived a few years ago a bishop, a
kind, amiable old man severe to himself, indulgent to
others, so good and charitable that everybody loved him.
His house was a model of propriety and hospitality; it
was managed by an old housekeeper, Madame Pichard.
In a bachelor’s establishment the supreme authority is
always exercised by a lady. Madame Pichard was the
very model of housekeepers, and everything went on ad-
mirably under her administration. Her only source of
trouble was her husband, a drunken, quarrelsome old
man, who at the time of our story, was carried off by a

226

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

dropsy produced by his excesses. A few days after his
death the bishop went up to his housekeeper’s apart-
ments to pay her a visit of condolence.

“Well, my dear madam,” began his lordship, “I have
called to endeavor to console you in your afflictions.
You must not grieve too deeply: we are all mortal you
know, and sooner or later we come to the end of our
earthly pilgrimage; your husband’s is now ended—it
would have been better if he had not spent so much of
it in drinking, but still the mercy of heaven has no
bounds.”

“Your lordship is very good; but, to say the truth, I
was not thinking of my husband at all; I will not de-
ceive you.”

This was a kind of funeral oration for which the bish-
op was hardly prepared, and it was with no little aston-
ishment that he replied—

“That is not a very Christian frame of mind, I’m
afraid; did you not love your husband?”

“Your lordship would not ask me that question, if you
knew how I came to be married.”

You must tell me all about it,” said the bishop, with
the curiosity of age.

“And your lordship does not know anything about my
Augustus,” continued the housekeeper, in a melancholy
tone.

“Your Augustus, Madam Pichard? Pray explain.”

“I was born at Boulogne, if it please your lordship.
At fifteen they called me the village beauty, and I sup-
pose, when eighteen, I was not much uglier ; but excuse
me, Sir,” said the old lady, drawing back her chair, “I
am going to tell you a love-story, and I shall only tire
you.”

“Go on,” repeated the dignitary, “we are both of us
old now, and can talk about such nonsense without any
danger.”

“There lived in the village a young man, tall, finely
formed, with blue eyes, and curling light hair; I think I
can see him now; all we girls used to pull caps for him; he
was what our parents called a wild young man; his
name was Augustus, and we all used to call him ‘ hand-
some Gussy.’ He soon singled me out, and when my
father went to Paris, and my mother was out of the way,
he was always at my side. When one gets to be an old
woman, and has a great grown-up girl to take care of,
one rails at lovers; but still that was the happiest time
of my life—I remember it as if it was yesterday. I was
proud of my Gussy, who was our village beau, and he
soon quitted all the other girls to pay his court to me.
All this sounds very strange to your lordship, no doubt.
My father and mother would never have agreed to my
marrying so wild a fellow as he was; they forbade him
the house, but we used often to meet in secret; he would
prowl around all day only to get a single look of me, and
then, oh how happy and proud I was! One day, my
father had gone to the city with a load, and I slipped
out to try and see Augustus for a moment; we had not
seen each other for a fortnight! I met him in the high-
road. If your lordship knew what a delight it is to meet
one’s lover, when one is just eighteen, and has been part-
ed from him a fortnight, you would comprehend what
one feels; I forgot father, mother, everything. We stood
under a tree by the road-side, looking into each other’s
eyes; we were so happy we did not even speak. A cart
came along, it was my father’s; he saw us, sprung out,
and began to beat me for having met Augustus against
his orders. I am certain that if he had attacked Augus- 

tus himself, he would not have resisted; but the poor
fellow could not bear to see me suffer, he attacked my
father, and they fought desperately. My father caught
up a stone, and split open Augustus’ head; he on the oth-
er hand, dealt the old man such a blow that he fell
senseless.”

“Oh, run, run, Augustus!” said I, “if the police should
catch you, you are lost!” He obeyed me, and fled, and I
have never seen him since. My father soon came to, and
gave me a dreadful beating. He detetmined to marry
me off, and easily found a man to take me without any
affection, in consideration of a good dower. When I was
tired of being beaten every morning and night, I became
Madam Pichard. I never loved my husband; he knew
that my father used to beat me, and he followed his ex-
ample. We wandered over the whole of France, in great
want and misery for the most part, till your lordship’s
kindness gave us support. That is my story.”

“And what became of handsome Gussy?”

“He thought he had killed my father, and left the vil-
lage. He was a lad of courage; no doubt he enlisted;
perhaps he is now a colonel, goneral, or count, who
knows? unless he was killed in'battle. But I cannot be-
lieve he is dead; I have been looking for him these forty
years; I expect every moment to hear him knock at
the door, and see him come in with his graceful figure,
his mild blue eyes and waving locks.

“ So, then, you suppose, my good lady, that your Gussy
is just the same now as he was then?”

“So I fancy, please your lordship.”

“Why, that is folly; your Augustus has grown old like
other men; by this time his face must be wrinkled, his
head bald and his figure bent double. If you were to see
him now, you would not know him.”

“Oh, that’s impossible! I can’t believe that he’s so
changed; but at any rate I should know him among a
thousand. Put him in the middle of an army, and I’ll lay
my life I’d recognise him at the very first.”

“You are mistaken, madam; you dwell in fancy on
the youth of twenty, not on the old man of sixty-five; and
Augustus, himself, if he was to see you, would not know
you. To prove this, you have both of you lived six
months in my house without either’s ever suspecting that
the other was—”

“What? what does your lordship mean ?” asked the
old woman anxiously.

“To undeceive you, Margaret—lam your Augustus.”
Madame Pichard sprung up from her chair, and held
up both hands; she could not believe him.

“Oh dear! is your lordship ‘ handsome Gussy?’”

“Certainly.”

“The handsomest young fellow in the village?”

“Yes, Margaret, forty-five years ago.”

“Was it you that I used to meet down in our garden?”
“Alas! yes, Margaret.”

“Was it you, your lordship—I mean Augustus—I mean
your lordship, that my father hit with a stone?”

The dignitary took off his scull-cap, and shewed a dis-
tinct scar on his shaven crown.

“I can tell you all in a very few words. When I
thought I had killed your father, I fled across the frontier.
I took refuge in a convent; the good fathers gave me an
education; I wanted to go back to France and claim
your hand. When I heard of your marriage I determined
to take orders; I abandoned the idle pursuits of my youth
and devoted myself to study and prayer. I returned to
France; I preached thirty years, when I was nominated

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

227

to the see I now occupy. You must stay with me, Mar-
garet; we are both of us so old and so changed now that
there is no danger in the remembrance of the past. You
see now that your fancy was fed by mere illusion, the
object of your first love was before your eyes, yet you did
riot know him, nor he you. Nothing is lasting in this
world, my child; all is vanity and vexation of spirit.”
Madame Pichard contined to be the very model of a
careful housekeeper. The servants stood in awe of her,
and believed that she was crazy, for they often heard her
mutter to herself when she thought she was alone,—

“Oh dear! his lordship my handsome Gussy—oh dear!
oh dear!

Critical Notices.

The editor’s temporary absence from the city, will ac-
count to our publishing friends for present neglect of se-
veral new works. These will be attended to on his re-
turn.	__________________

Wiley & Putnam's Library of American Books. No.
VIII. Big Abel and The Little Manhattan. By Cor-
nelius Mathews.

In our notice of this work, a week or two since, we
promised a quotation, by way of instancing the author’s
very peculiar style and tone. We proceed now to re-
deem our word, by copying some passages from the epi-
sode, or rather interlude, of the Poor Scholar and his
Mistress. These passages are, perhaps, as idiosincratic
as any in the volume:

Turning, at a bend, they found, in the heart of the bend itself,
the very thing they looked for, a little garden or house of refresh-
ment. Not much of a garden; a slip of the size of a handker-
chief; green, too; and a fountain (something very small in the
way of a fountain); and bowers, ever so many of them, at least
three in number. And here, while they were getting served by a
nice mistress of the place, as busy in all her motions as though
she had opened that morning, and heard a couple of hundred call-
ing her all at once, with cream, and cakes, and fruit (Lankey’s
part was fruit alone), there drew nearer to a bower; it was the
centre, and pride of the garden that was waiting for them; two
young persons, one of them very pale, the other all a-glow.

Was ever a Poor Scholar's mistress in such spirits before! And
then the way in which she took possession of the bower; if the
green chair had been of solid gold she could’nt have treated it
more grandly. Three rape of the knuckles, and there was a ban-
quet—not much of a one, to be sure—but what of that! William
bad something to say, that was clear; but such spirits as Mary’s
—why the stoutest man living would have quailed before them,
much less a poor scholar.

“The Book’s to be printed, Will? I believe you admit that at

last!"

“To be sure it is—they’ve accepted it.”

“A happy time of it for the printers, now! turning all your
gentle fancies out upon the page; making your mirth laugh, your
sorrow weep; your little men and women grow again in light,
and take a shape to every human eye, all the wide world over!—
Oh what dreams they’ll have the first night. They’ll not sleep a
wink, I fear, with all your magic over!”
foolish Mary!

"And then the binder’s girls, who have the folding of them
daintily! Many a clipping of wages will they lose this very
week, lingering, as they should not, naughtily about that wicked
Book!"

Mary, too fanciful by half.

“Tuesday, now! By Friday, at the latest, that little bright-eyed,
clean-apparelled gentleman (your Book, I mean, Will) must come
own stairs, and begin to see company! Oh for the first look at
his sweet and cheerful face!"

In the young Scholars heart that was settled long ago.

“The show-bills, now! All over town, speaking up, with
fresh, clean looks! Coaxing every one to slop and read! Every
one to hurry in and buy! and then away to taste the dainty to
his core!”

Was there ever such a foolish, thoughtless mistress to a Poor
Scholar; all the world over I

She stopped and looked at Will as though she saw a Blessed
Spirit, stepped out from the sun, and not a mortal man. But he
was very pale, and still had something to say, and now could
say it.

You forget Germany, Mary!” That was what he had to
say.

No: she didn’t She reccollected it perfectly well; it was in all
the maps, upon the globes, and hung up in the windows- But in
this connection she didn’t reccollect it, she confessed. What was
Germany to this?

She hadn’t heard of a famous Rendering or translation out of
that country, that was talked about, a mighty book, with such a
power of chains, by way of binding up and riveting the reader;
such a thrilling, enchanting, wonderful and miraculous book?
Strange, she hadn’t heard of that I That was the Book?
What, to come betwixt this Book of William’s and the light of
day?

William was pale, I said, and Mary now, too. Had those
men who played these changeful tricks stood there, or sate within
that bower, they must have been torn piece-meal, limb by limb, by
little angry devils, leaping out of Mary’s eyes, a score at once,
and many score!

When they had gone forth, Big Abel and Lanky (how Poor
William and his mistress got away, heaven, whence it came
from, knows!), the shower was deepening, and they made quickly
for a house not far away. And there it was. That little, tidy,
shining palace of brick; palace it is in the spirit within;
sitting by itself; in cleanliness and purity, and through all the
falling rain eyeing calmly all passers-by with his little winking
knob and bell-pull.

At home? The ladies of this mansion are always at home,
and have been any time these fifty years- A snug parlor, every-
thing tidy, everything in a high state of polish, everything demure
and settled calmly in his place. The plaster-rabbits on the mantel,
not zoologically perfect, inasmuch as the necks are movable, anil
have no visible appurtenance to the bodies; and yet, to the mind,
all that could be reasonably expected of rabbits under such cir-
cumstances. A little door is slided open, and out of a back room
a nice, comfortable, smiling body—Seventy! Yes; this was the
youngest of the two maiden sisters, Big Abel’s friends, living here.
Pretty good for Seventy! Cheerful, quick of speech and gait, and
cordial, too, as the days of hearty June are long. Another ap-
pearance out of the back room—Eighty! Not so tall, nor quite
so stout, but more cheerful, quicker of motion, decidedly more
cordial. There was a great shaking of hands, I tell you, there!
No difference made between fair-looking Abel and the swarthy
Lanltey—not the least) Talk! Plenty of it; and after that there
came, out of the back room, too, a little square table, which was
suddenly clothed (by Eighty) with a snowy cloth, and put in pos-
session (by Seventy) of a little family of cups and saucers, then of
a dainty pile of toast, then of a cold ham, then of a steaming pot,
and the little table was set up in the world, and ready to do busi-
ness.

Wiley & Putnam’s Library of Choice Reading. No.
XXVI. Selections from the Works of Taylor, Lati-
mer, Hall, Milton, Barrow, South, Brown, Fuller and
Bacon. By Basil Montagu, Esq., M. A. First Ame-
rican from the Fifth London Edition.

This is a book we may safely take on our faith in the
good taste and discretion of the American editor. He
has been a diligent laborer in the vineyard of old Eng-
lish Literature for many years; and we have no doubt
he has a sincere pleasure in seeing the public coming
round to the manlier standard of the earlier writers—
These selections, we need scarcely say, are well made.

228

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

They are from the picked greatness of English prose;
the bounty, the vigor, the spirit and breadth of the old
giant-race of authors, who were men and wrote for men.
They have no fear, but a full faith in the generous fecun-
dity of nature, and teem on every hand with expression
and truth and life. The passages from the modern Ed- 
ward Irving, given in the notes (which are to the pur-
pose, and copious) are in a like temper, and abide the
comparison without loss of credit to the eccentric divine.

At some other day, when our pages are less crowded,
it will give us pleasure to spread some of these choice
selections before our readers—if they are not before us
by a resort to the publishers, and a mastery of the whole
feast in advance of our grudging convenience.

Praise and Principle; or For What Shall I live. By

the author of “Conquest and Self Conquest” New-

York: Harper if Brothers.

If we say that this book is evidently written by a sen-
sible, discreet, judicious woman, we indicate all its best
properties as well as though we dwelt on it through a
dozen pages. The style is clear and simple, the senti-
ments excellent and proper, and the narrative gracefully
conducted to the end.

It indicates in various passages a greater knowledge j
of life, in its actual, out-of-door struggles, than generally
falls to those who can write with such lady-like proprie-
ty and refinement. We have been particularly impressed
by the naturalness and good judgment with which her
school-boy scenes are managed: they are in an excellent
tone, and denote in the writer quick sympathies and an
observant eye. The nice taste of the authoress is shown,
as might be expected, even in the selection of her mot-
toes: they are obviously of her own choosing. The book
is, in a word, of a kind we are glad to see: we hope it
will not only be—it has already been to no inconsiderable
degree—a source of honor to its fair writer, but may be
such in all its results as to prompt and encourage her to
further undertakings of the same kind. Constant pur-
chasers as such books are likely to command, and a few
copy-rights like this, well deposited in the hands of li-
beral publishers, should be an estate for the gentle worne.

Littell's Living Age. No 73.

Mr. Littell is the compiler of a valuable miscellany
published in Boston, of generally liberal sympathies, but
has not entirely escaped provincial preferences. This is
shown by the apparent eagerness with which unfriendly
notices of writers without New England are spread up-
on his pages from the English journals. A singular ex-
ample of this occurs in the present number, where an un-
favorable notice of a New-York author is picked out of
many favorable ones, and a favorable notice of a New
England historian is picked out of many unfavorable
ones.

Wiley if Putnam's “Foreign Library."

A Prospectus has been issued of this new undertaking,
which has grown out of the popular series of books in
“The Library of Choice Reading,” with an eye to a con-venient division of the volumes for the Library. The
Foreign Library will be published uniformly with the
other, with equal attention to the beauty of the typogra-
phy, and the excellence of the editions, and at equally
low rates. By the publishers' announcement it will in-
clude the leading classic works of the Foreign languages,
both ancient and modern—the latter being a new and im-

portant feature of the undertaking—with such works of
miscellaneous literature as may be worthy a permanent
place in the Library. The historical works of Schiller
are announced, Goethe’s Wilhelmmeister, Mitchell’s
Translation of Aristophanes, &c. The first numbers will
be Bensenerto Cellini’s Memoirs, the full and elaborately
illustrated edition of Roscoe; a valuable and delightful
work, for its historical and personal interest, which Ho-
race Walpole pronounced “more amusing than any no-
vel, and of which a complete translation is included in
the works of Goethe. We shall have more to say of the
plan and the books hereafter.

The Fine Arts.

We are indebted to the kindness of Mr. C. Edwards
Lester, for permission to extract some passages, this
week, from his forthcoming work, “The Artist, the Mer-
chant, and the Statesman.” The quotation will speak
for itself:—the words are those of Powers.

I have endeavored in these two statues to avoid anything that
could either by form or import offend the purest mind; and to ac-
complish my design better, I have left out any expression in ei-
ther of them of a consciousness of their nudity. In the Eve this
is inferred of course—" for they were naked and were not asham-
ed”—indeed, they knew not that they were naked. But in the
Slave, as it is a subject of our own times, we could not suppose
this under ordinary circumstances—but there art circumstances
under which it might be supposed, and I selected a subject that
would justify this.

The Slave has been taken from one of the Greek Islands by the
Turks, in the time of the Greek Revolution; the history of which
is familiar to all. Her father and mother, and perhaps all her
kindred, have been destroyed by her foes, and she alone preserved
as a treasure too valuable to be thrown away. She is now among
barbarian strangers, under the pressure of a lull recollection of
the calamitous events which have brought her to her present state;
and she stands exposed to the gaze of the people she abhors, and
awaits her fate with intense anxiety, tempered indeed by the sup-
port of her reliance upon the goodness of God. Gather all these
a Auctions together, and add to them the fortitude and resignation
of a Christian, and no room will be left for shame. Such are the
circumstances under which the Greek Slave is supposed to stand.

Every one remembers having listened to the sound of the sea-
shell, when we hear what the poets call "the murmur of the sea.”
But if is not so generally known that the shell is supposed to give
warning of the approach of a storm. I had an impression this
superstition was confined to America; but many of my visitors
have told me it is general throughout the world. Everybody
knows the cause of the sound we hear in the shell, which is a
species of ear trumpet, that magnifies feeble sounds to such a de-
gree, that they become much more audible, and are echoed from
the large end of the trumpet, provided the small end be shut, so
strangely, and in such a peculiar manner as to resemble, by the
aid of the fancy, the roar of the waves of the sea. There have
been several beautiful pieces written on this; particularly by Dry-
den and Wordsworth; but none have alluded to the shell as an
oracle of the weather. To represent this peculiar superstition (if
indeed it be all superstition), I have made a small statue of a boy
of a light and delicate form, and an Innocent expression, holding
a shell to his ear with his left hand, while with the right he sup-
ports a net and the tiller of his boat. He is standing upon the
sand, and near his feet are some small shells and sea-weed, to de-
note the magin of the ocean.

This figure is a kind of Appolonio, but the character is mod-
ern; for I hold that artists should do honor to their own limes and
their own religion, instead of going back to mythology to illus-
trate, for the thousandth lime, the incongruous absurdities and in-
consistencies of idolatrous times, especially as our times and our

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

229

religion are lull of subjects equal in beauty, and all the qualities
necessary to a full development ot art. Why cling to a Jupiter,
when our Saviour affords us a greater than parallel subject?—
Why a Hercules, while we have a Samson? Why an Apollo,
while we have a Moses who is peculiar, and, with the exception
of a Jupiter, more noble than them all 1 Then with the other sex
mythology affords no Eve, no Miriam, no Virgin Mary, no Mag-
dalen, no Rebecca, no Jeptha’s daughter, no Angels, no Michael,
no Gabriel, no Ithuriel; and I might mention a hundred other
characters equally adapted to sculptural and pictorial representa-
tions.

I do not cite these as parallel subjects exactly, but as themes
which may afford as fine opportunities for the display of human
genius in art, as the ancients had in old time; and I believe in
very many respects they are calculated to draw out a finer moral
feeling, and, consequently, a loftier sentiment and a more exalted
genius. This is a consideration not too commonly advanced, or
entertained; but it should not be forgotten, that art rises in its per-
fection just in proportion to the purity and moral majesty of the
subject of which the artist treats. Many a great artist has at.
tempted a lewd theme, but he never made a great work; and there
are no remains of ancient or modem art, I am bold to say, that
‘'ear with them any clear indication of lofty genius, which shock,

At any considerable degree, the loftier and purer feelings. God,
in His cunning wisdom, has wrought deep into the constitution
of all things the great law, that sublimity and excellence of every
kind are in a more or less intimate relation with purity. If you
find anything beautiful, very beautiful, you are just as sure to
find something pure. This is illustrated strikingly in those remains of ancient art, which have so long attracted the gaze, and

excited the admiration of mankind.

In the Laocoon, which sends the cold shudder through one, years
after he saw it first; in the stately and superb group of Niobe an
her children, which awakens every generous and lofty emotion of
the human soul; in the head of Brutus, which carries you back to
the streets of Rome before her Ceasars; and in

“That bending statue which delights the world,"
where the chisel of Cleomenes has transmitted to all coming times
the perfection of ideal beauty:—in all these great gems of antiquity, where Greece and Rome have exhausted their genius, and been
contending for the palm of sculpture for two thousand years—there
is loftiness, there is sublimity, there is the perfection of beauty
And why is it so? Why have they lived and been transmitted
from age to age? and why shall they be transmitted to future ages

for ever!—They are pure!	

I believe that we may, under the guidance of this principle, sur-
pass the ancients in art, as far as the religion of the fishermen of Ga-
lilee surpasses the filthy dreams of their mythology. I well know
we may fail to do it, too; and I am persuaded we shall fail, until
we abandon their subjects, and a wretched servile imitation of
their works.

But a step further. I have seen either the originals or good casts
of nearly all the celebrated representations of our Saviour, and,
with a few exceptions, they portray the humility, meekness and be-
nevolence that are supposed to have been peculiar to him; but in
none of these, if I except the Ivory Christ of yours-cut by an un-
seated monk at Genoa, have lever seen that expression of mind,
of divine gracefulness which must have been just as peculiar to
his wonderful character. It would be enough for us to know that,
that he were the Prince of Peace to know the one, and it is enough
for us to know that he is the Son of God to convince us of the sec-
ond- When we read the New Testament we are guided to a
conclusion in which we cannot be mistaken; and I have always
felt that Milton was the only Christian of modem writers who has
drawn the person and the character of the Son of God with just
conceptions of his intellect, his majesty and his grandeur, as we
find it drawn by the simple but inspired pens of the apostles.

Perhaps the statue of Christ by Thorwalsden embodies more of
this conception than anything ever executed in marble, in
great man seldom made a failure; and he has gone over a
the whole empire of sculpture. There is a very touching incident
connected with his Christ. He first made the disciples and sold
‘hem to his Government at Copenhagen. He then executed for

them his Christ, and presented it to them “without money and
without price” to complete the group.

Some have said, and others no doubt will affirm that a grand
masculine character is inconsistent with the mildness and benevo-
lence of the Saviour; but I do not think so. As a proof that all
these characteristics may be written in one individual, I need on-
ly mention the bust of Washington by Houdon—where we see not
only the highest degree of goodness and benevolence, but all the
elements of the most grand and lofty character. I have heard
foreigners delare, while gazing on this bust, that he was not only
the best of men, but the wisest and most majestic of all human
beings. His bust expresses the fulness of his character. There
is no head among all the ancients so grand and noble; and while
looking at it, I have often questioned myself after the following
manner: if I wanted counsel, he is the man I would go to; if I
wanted one to defend me, here is one with the courage and the
prudence to do it; a confidant, who so trustworthy; a friend, who
so constant? But there are certain qualities not to be found there.
He was a practical man, and not a poet. I should never expect
rhetorical eloquence from such a man, nor low wit, nor anything
in the way of small talk.

I do not cite the bust of Washington for a parallel in a similar
work of our Saviour; but as a simple illustration of the remark
that the milder and the sterner qualities of humanity may be all
expressed with the same person.

Musical Department.

Grand Oratorio at the Tabernacle.—Beethoven’s
Mount of Olives, and Dr. Loewe’s Seven Sleepers, were
performed at the Tabernacle on Thursday evening, under
the direction of Mr. George Loder. The vast building
was more crowded upon this occasion than we ever re-
member to have seen it; there could not have been less
than three thousand people present. This fact proves tri-
umphantly that the name of any Society has but little to
do with attracting people; good performances given un-
der the direction of a competent person, and upon a scale
of respectable magnitude, will never fail to ensure a large
share of public patronage. The small amount of con-
certs of choral kind given in this city, during the few
past years, has caused us both surprise and regret. There
is such a vast field for entertainments of this kind, such
an endless quantity of fine choral works, both ancient and
modern, and so strong a feeling in favor of this class of
music among the body of the people, that it becomes a
matter of surprise that but one choral Society should ex-
ist in this great city. We could, however, give the key
to this mystery, but we will leave it for some future oc-
casion. We cannot however leave this portion of our
subject, without congratulating our readers and the pub-
lic generally, upon the establishment of this large body
of amateurs, under the direction of Mr. Loder, for we
have already seen the good fruits which spring from it.
Mr. Meiggs, the projector of the concerts, deserves our
thanks for his enterprising spirit, and the public an equal
share for their discrimination in supporting him so libe-
rally. May they continue to work together, to their mu-
tual satisfaction.

Beethoven’s great work, the Mount of Olives, forms a
striking instance of the combination of the sublime and
the beautiful. Several of the solos are exquisite in their
melody, of a chastly, passionate and pathetic character,
interspersed with passages of great beauty; while the
choruses are distinguished for their singularly dramatic
or rather descriptive qualities. The last chorus, “Hal-
lelujah to the Father,” in grandeur and sublimity of
thought and expression, not even Handel, in his moments

230

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

of highest inspiration, could hardly equal—certainly not
excel What can be more vividly descriptive than the
chorus of “Roman Soldiers,” “He came towards this
Mountain,” and the following one in which the Disciples
arә supposed to join in with the Soldiers, who cry,
“ Here, seize him—we have found him who dares him-
self to call the Mighty King of Israel”? While the Dis-
ciples murmur out fearfully, “The Soldiers seek our Mas-
ter; what dreadful fate awaits Him surrounded by His
foes.” Nothing can exceed these compositions in vigor
of thought, boldness of design, and artistical effect by
powerful contrast.

How entirely truthful is the trio, “My soul with rage
and fury for just revenge o’erflows.” This is a bold and
impetuous movement, indicating the feelings of the fiery
Disciple, who would strive to avert his Master’s fate, by
force of arms. He is answered by this mild reply, “No,
thou shalt do no murder! the lesson of meek patience
taught by the Son of God, is love and peace on earth,
good will to man.” The great beauty of this movement
can only be imagined, by getting the words deeply en-
graven on the heart, and then thinking them in music.
Altogether the trio is a masterly work, and reminds us,
in its situation and design, of that exquisite trio, “The
flocks shall leave the Mountain,” in Handel’s charming
Seranata, acis Galatea.

The next point of beauty that we arrive at in this com-
position—and it is its crowning beauty—is the instru-
mentation. It is in this that Beethoven rises above all
his competitors, if we except Mendelssohn Bartholdy;
for as an instrumentalist he will, we believe, ever stand
pre-eminent. To attempt to describe instrumentation,
would be to strive to do that which cannot be done, but
thus far we can say that the only instrumentation that ri-
ses to an art, is that which carries out the thought—not
a mere accompaniment, subservient to the voice, but an
integral portion of the idea, which without it would be
but. the bare outline. The instrumentation is the color-
ing of the tone-picture—forms its lights and shadows,
and imparts its grand effects. Of such a sort is the par-
tition of the Mount of Olives, and without doubt it is the
highest of its class. After our definition of instrumenta-
tion as an art, and the position we have awarded to that
of the Mount of Olives, to say more upon the subject
would be useless.

We regret that we cannot award much praise to the
solo singers. The music is too difficult for Mrs. Strong,
and also for Mr. Pearson. There is a hardness about
Mrs. Strong’s style, a want of delicate finish, and a cold-
ness of manner, which renders her execution of such mu-
sic, in a measure painful to hear. She has one peculiari-
ty totally at variance with the style of Sacred Music:—
we allude to her staccato method of execution. Even the
simple turn (which by the by she uses most lavishly and
not in the best taste) even the simple turn, we say, she
sings staccato, and every note of every cadence is as dis-
tinctly articulated as it would be in a marked passage
for a flute where every note is tongued. Mrs. Strong re-
quires more portamento in her singing, which if acquired
would produce a fine effect with her beautiful voice.

Mr. Pearson sang his music very correctly, but it ran-
ges too high for his compass of voice. He also wants
finish; he has a method of drawling out his notes, and a
bad habit of broad pronunciation, which produce a style
smacking much of the country psalm-singing. These de-
fects could be remedied by a strong infusion of vigor and
careful study for a purer intonation. We should be de-

lighted to find our suggestions acted upon, for Mr. Pear-
son has been gifted by nature with a voice which pro-
perly trained would be a fortune to him.

Mr. S. Pearson had not much to do, but what he did he
did respectably. Of the chorus we cannot speak too
highly. Never have we heard in this city so large a bo-
dy of choristers so admirably well trained. To use a
homely expression, everything went like clock-work.—
There was no hesitation, no wavering, from the begin-
ning to the end of the performance, including both Ora-
torios. The choruses we have mentioned in the Mount
of Olives were executed in a masterly manner, not only
as regards precision and force, but in sentiment and ef-
fect. They were subdued to a whisper—they rose to the
crescendo, and overwhelmed our ears upon the fortissimo.
Upon no occasion were the fugues in the Seven Sleepers
so clearly developed; hitherto a certain degree of confu-
sion was evident—the points did not come out distinctly—
but on this occasion every opposing point was made out
with remarkable fidelity and force. The Alto voices told
out admirably, the Second Trebles were capital, and the
Basses were remarkably prompt and efficient: nor were
the other voices deficient in excellence, although we must
remark that the Tenors were, for a short time, sadly out
of tune (flat) in the first chorus in the second act of the
Seven Sleepers.

The band was better controlled than upon any other
vocal concert ever given in this city. The accompani-
ments to the Mount of Olives, require the most delicate
execution, and excessive promptness, to render them ef-
fective, and so admirably did the band perform on this
occasion, that it appeared to every one the prominent
beauty of the Oratorio. The Violins were excellent;
also the wind instruments, particularly the Flutes and
Fagotti. Indeed it is invidious to point out any portion
for particular praise, so admirablә was the whole.

The Oratorio of the Seven Sleepers has been so fully
discussed during the last two weeks, that any remarks
upon its merits on this occasion would be out of date.
We will say however, that being better understood it
was better appreciated and that it evidently gains favor
with the public on each performance.

Mrs. Strong and Mrs. S. Pearson acquitted themselves
better in this than in the previous Oratorio. Mrs. E.
Loder by her chaste and classical style, pure intonation,
and emphatic enunciation, won the approbation of the
large assembly in the part of Malchus the youngest of the
Seven Brothers. Miss De Luce displayed her fine voice
to great andvantage, and the other solo performers ac-
quited themselves very creditably.

Mr. H. C. Timm displayed his usual skill at the organ,
bringing it in most judiciously to enforce the fortes and
to strengthen the Bass in the Organ points.

Mr. George Loder has added still more to his already
extensive, and well earned reputation. He has all the
qualities necessary for a conductor, energy, firmness, ap-
preciation, refined taste and knowledge, and to all these
qualifications he adds experience to direct them all. We
congratulate him upon his successful performance.

Mr. Loder announced from the Orchestra that early in
November, Mendelssohn's magnificent Oratorio of St.
Paul, would be produced under his direction. We are
glad of this for it is the greatest Sacred Composition of
modern days.

THE BROADW AY JOURNAL.

231

Items.

Worcester’s Piano Forte Manufactory.—Having
occasion to visit this establishment a few weeks since,
our ears were assailed, on every side, by the “busy note
of preparation” for the autumn campaign. We saw
around us a very large number of instruments in every
stage of advancement, besides a formidable array finish-
ed and ready to be sent from the factory. We tried and
examined many of the finished instruments, and feel much
pleasure in recommending them cordially to our friends
and the public. The seven octave pianos pleased us the
most; they are brilliant, full toned, and substantial in-
struments, and would wear out a half a dozen of the more
popular, but less carefully made pianos, the interior be-
ing considered of more consequence than the exterior by
Mr. Worcester; although the exteriors are all carefully
and elegantly finished.

We trust that our professional friends and the purchas-
ing public will call upon Mr. Worcester, at his factory,
139 Third Avenue, corner of Fourteenth street, and judge
for themselves of his instruments.

The Bell Ringers, under the direction of Mr. Corbyn,
have been literally coining money the past week in New-
York, Boston and other places. They are at present in
this city, and all who have not heard them, would do well
to visit them this week, as they start en route for Mexico
in a few days, and will not return probably for two years.

Wherever they go, we wish them success, for they in
every way merit it, and our good wishes extend most cor-
dially to their worthy director, Mr. Corbyn.

The Cheney Family gave a concert on Monday last.
We arrived too late to hear them, but we have been told
that their performance was excellent. They should be
encouraged.

We are unable to notice Mr. Templeton’s performance
this week, in consequence of the early hour at which we
go to press; but we will do him ample justice in our
next.

Trinity Church Organ.—The beautiful engraving of
this splendid instrument, which we promised our readers
last week, will be delivered with our present number.—
We must apologise for the delay, which was caused by
an accident which could not be avoided in time for publi-
cation.

A few fine impressions of this remarkable instrument,
on extra sized paper, are on sale at the office, 135 Nassau
atreet, price 12 1/2 cents, including the paper which con-
tains the description.

We have received numbers 1 and 2 of a new periodi-
cal called the Boston Musical Review, edited by G. W.
Peck, Esq., and published by L. H. Bridgeman, 6 Water
Street Boston. It is published every two weeks; con-
tains one sheet of twenty-four duodecimo pages; price
three dollars a year in advance. Musical periodicals,
conducted with a view to the encouragement and im-
provement of the science, are much needed, and when
found worthy should be liberally encouraged by the pro-
Profession, by amateurs, and by all lovers of the Art.
The numbers of the Boston Musical Review before us,
contain some interesting articles, and some articles
which had better been omitted. The essays on Musical
expression contain some very clever writing, and display

fair appreciation of the subject, but we confess we have
very little faith in the influence of Musical essays. The
style in the first place is happily exploded, and in the
next place the taste of those who read periodicals de-
voted to Music, is opposed to such a dry mode of convey-
ing information, and tends to that style which discourses
of passing events and things of present interest. The
essay style may please six out of every thousand readers
but those who would do good to any science must write
for the mass and not for the few.

With regard to its character as a science, we can
scarcely at present form an opinion, though from what
we have as yet seen we should think the  'Reviews’ will
prove to be notices by no means critical. We shall,
however, be glad to know that the work succeeds, for
every help that is given to the cause of Music should be
welcomed cordially.

New-York Musical Convention.—We were in error
in stating last week that this Convention was got up
chiefly for the sale of Boston books. We were, howev-
er, only to a certain extent in error; if New-York be sub-
stituted for Boston, the sentence would contain the fact.
Patent Music Books, of all descriptions, were crowded
into every pew in the Tabernacle, and printed circulars
descriptive of the extraordinary merits of each of them,
were scattered everywhere about. We cannot for a mo-
ment doubt that if these works were properly apprecia-
ted, every man, woman and child would be accomplished
musicians in less than no time.

We had determined to report fully the proceedings of
this Convention; but on attending its sittings, we found
it to be, as we expected, nothing more nor less than a
solemn humbug. We were surprised that such a farce
could be enacted in the city of New-York, but we were
pleased to find that no musician of eminence was present
to sanction such a mockery. It is true that Dr. Hodges
and Mr. Hill were present; but Dr. Hodges merely ad-
dressed the meeting, and the members of the Convention
will not readily forget the caustic severity of that address.
The patent-book men must have felt especially small.

Well, this Convention met and propounded a list of
questions for discussion, so trivial in themselves that they
threw into the shade the sensibilities evolved in the ar-
guments pro and con. We will not trouble our readers
with the eighteen questions before the Convention, but
we copy a clever satire, in which the questions will be
discovered; and we assure our readers that it contains
more common sense than was uttered during the sitting
of this remarkable Convention:

1.	Resolved, That the obstacles to the advancement of Sacred
Musie are so formidable that the least said at present about them
the better.

2.	That there are many practical benefits from oratorial singing
to psalmody, but as all persons have not musical ears, there is no
use in specifying them now.

3.	That musical instruments may be of great use in religious
edification—the tambour, triangles, sackbut, dulcimer, and big
drum particularly.

4.	That good musical performances to a certain extent depend
on the ability to read music at sight; but that it is not judicious
to define that extent just now, nor just to omit saying that those
who can read without their sight are to be accounted as among the
most skilful.

5.	That the cultivation of secular music conduces to the ad-
vancement of sacred music, just as far as it is kept secret, and its
utility is in the inverse ratio to its prevalence.

6.	That some of the best ways of sustaining competent teachers
in our churches are to allow them their own way entirely in the

232

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

tuition of classes—females especially—to give them good pay, and
not allow them to chew honey dew, or drink gin slings, or Gough
cordials, those beverages tending to injure the voice, and promote
all manner of discords.

7.	Taat churches should hold themselves, and be held by others,
as responsible lor the maintenance of their sacred music, accord-
ing to the French proverb, “aide-toi et le ciel t’aidera.”

8.	That, popularly considered, the best means for diffusing musi-
cal knowledge, is to persuade all persons who have the capacity to
learn music, to develope the organs of time and tune, and issue
testimonials, and give small premiums to those who excel in
whistling, singing, or cleverly attempting to do either.

9.	That the principal advantage derivable from quartette choirs
is best known to those who have experienced it.

10.	That churches are benefitted by religious music, as far as
they themselves, as well as the music, are religious; which means,
of course, the opposite of profane; and that if this does not always
hold good, it is owing to some fault in the instrument, the voice, or
faith of the performer.

11.	That the most excellent kind of melody is the melody of the
heart; therefore, to effect this organ ought always to be a primary
object of the singer or player, and that, in order to do this, it would
be wise to write all semibreves, minims, crotchets, quavers, &c.,
heart-shaped instead of globular.

12.	That good musical taste is one thing, and religious influence
another; therefore, as they are distinct, separate, but friendly ob-
jects, they cannot in any shape or form conflict with each other.

13.	That the propriety of giving public concerts of sacred music
in a great measure depends on the popularity of the practice, the
cash receipts derivable from them, and the degree in which musi-
cal professors acquire reputation and emolument by the practice.

14.	That the best mode of teaching religious music is for every
person to learn it himself, but to be sure and pay the professor who
lives by it.

The number of people present at the meetings during
the “Musical Week,” might amount to (spectators inclu-
ded) some eighty or ninety. The Convention threaten the
city with another meeting in the ensuing year.

The Drama.

Mr. Murdoch.—Our readers will recollect the com-
mendation bestowed by us on certain Shakespearian re-
citations at the Society Library in the spring of the pres-
ent year. There were not a few persons of discrimina-
tion and taste who discerned in their deliverer, Mr. Mur-
doch, the elements and capabilities of a first rate per-
former. Their faith will be dashed or confirmed by the
results of next Tuesday evening, at the Park. Mr. Mur-
doch on that occasion presents himself in Hamlet, and
will contend for a position among the tragic actors of
the day. In our judgment, while allowance being made
for difference of years and opportunity, he will fall be-
hind the greater names of his art, he will triumphantly
overleap many performers who have borne the palm and
made conquest of popular support.

We do not name names, but we shall be glad to see
our American taking the field against all comers; we
are satisfied, from what we know and have seen of the
man, that he will acquit himself honorably. He appears
at a period when the public are, so to speak, in expecta-
tion: the tide has at length turned in favor of home tal-
ent, and they are ready to welcome any one who may
justify their national hope. Nationality at length steps
forward to plant its standard in Literature, in Art, and on
the Stage. Mr. Murdoch is destined to be one of its best
and most resolute supporters. He comes at a time when
he is needed. It is a long day since the American stage
has presented to the public a native-born performer, whom

they could receive and adopt. Unless all augury derived
from youth, person, voice, discipline and experience prove
false, he is destined to become not only their child, but
their favorite, and it will give us great pleasure to see
him measured not only by the side of competitors, here-
tofore, from abroad, hut keeping the field against all
new-comers. We look for the prosperity of the drama
here, at home. The hope of the drama is as great—great-
er acording to our notion — here in New-York and in
America than anywhere on the face of the globe; and we
venture to predict that a school of dramatic writing, and
a succession of performers, eminently national, having
the color of the climate and the heart of the people in
them, will ere long appear.

We look toward the drama, therefore, as a form in
which the national spirit shall early show itself, with
great anxiety. We are determined to watch its promise,
and to give it every aid in our power. It is on this ac-
count that we dwell on this first appearance of Mr. Mur-
doch; and in his reception we expect to be furnished
with an evidence and confirmation of our hopes. He pre-
sents such claims, and has every circumstance that can
attract and interest the public in his favor, so clearly on
his side, that we are sure we cannot be mistaken in pre-
dicting a reception in every way flattering to him, and
honorable to American feeling and-pride of country.

Editorial Miscellany. 

If any inference may be drawn from the constant is-
sues of the press, poetry is ascending in America to a
popular level. We have every week occasion to notice
some new publication of this kind, on good paper, well
bound, and altogether elegantly set forth. We have had
or are to have within a very short time a sample from
almost every one of the better known female writers of
the country. Messrs Wiley & Putnam are about to in-
corporate poetical writings in their Library of Ameri-
can Books. Paine & Burgess, the new and spirited pub-
lishers in John Street, are issuing a Miniature Edition of
American Poets, in handsome style. Mr. Redfield has
lately published a neat volume. Clarke Sc Austin are
busy in the same direction—so that the opinion we have
long entertained that poetry was destined to lift its fair
front, next, in America, in new and attractive forms, will
not be defeated by the absence of popular sympathy or
a want of a disposition on the part of our publishers to
further its approaches towards the public.

We have called attention under the Dramatic head, to
the appearance of Mr. Murdoch at the Park Theatre,
next week. To that occasion we again invite the atten-
tion of our readers. The Drama is destined, we believe>
to acquire a consequence in this country greater than it
has enjoyed among any people since the ancient Gre-
cians. We see on every side of us many indications of
such a result. We are not sure but that the first form
in which our Literature is to triumphantly vindicate it-
self will be in that of dramatic writing. There will be
and has been exceptions, in single productions in other
departments: But we are not sure that the first school to
rise will not be the dramatic. In the founding of such a
school, good actors are as greatly needed as great writers:
and it is on this account that we hope that every genu-
ine American and well-wisher to the hopes of the coun-
try, will sustain trials and attempts like this of Mr. Mur-
dock.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

233

JUST PUBLISHED,

Autobiography of Viltori Alfieri—
translated, with an original essay on the
Genius and Times of Aliieri, by C. Edwards
Lester—l vol. 12 mo. Contents—Introduc-
tion, Period 1st—Infancy, embracing nine
years of vegetation. Peiiod 2d—Childhood,
embracing nine years of inueducaiion. Pe-
riod 3d—Embracing ten years of travelling
and dissipation. Period 4lh—Embracing
more than thirty years of devotion to letters.

“In it the great Tragedian has revealed
all the secrets of his soul; the blood fell en-
thusiasm, the poetry, the music, the earnest
passions, and the wild love scenes of that
beautiful land, all breathe from its pages.
Genius with its great and tree impulses—its
strange caprices—Passion with her fury and
fires—Music with her transporting flights of
song—Tragedy, with its fearful elements—
Protean Love, with its triumphs and insane
despair,and all painted with a master’s hand”

The Citizen of a Republic, by An-
saldo Ceba. 1 vol. 12 mo. “ A book of rare
and condensed thoughts, like diamonds fine-
ly polished and richly set.”

The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli,
2 vols. 12 mo. “The charmed records ol
the classic city of the Arno, by the master
spirit of his age.”

The Challenge of Barletta, a Ro-
mance of the Times of the Medici. 1 vol.
12 mo. “A gem gathered from the jeweled
mines of Italian Romance.”

—NEARLY READY—

Artist, Merchant and Statesman—
Part 1st. By C. Edwards Lester.

Morris's Melodies, 32 mo. gilt.

Prairiedom, Rambles and Scrambles
in Teqas, or New Estramadura, by a South-
ron. 1 vol. 12mo.

PAINE & BURGESS,

62 John street.

Orthophonic System of Elocution.

MR. GEORGE VANDENHOFF

RESPECTFULLY announces than on his
return from Europe it is his intention
permanently to devote himself in the city of
New-York to

Oratorical Instruction.

He will resume his

Classes in Elocution,
bis Private Lectures with members of the
profession of the Church and Bar; and his
Shaksperian and Poetical Readings, in No-
vember. Mean time notes, See. may be ad-
dressed for him to the Carlton House, N. Y.
Mr. G. Vandenhoff’s System of
Vocal Gymnastics,

based on the course pursued at the Orthopho-
nic Institute in Paris, and the Royal Acade-
my of Music in London (the later under the
superindence of Mr. Vandenhoff,) both of
which Mr. G. V. has had the best opportuni-
ties of personally examining—will be found
most efficacious in removing all Delects of,
Utterance, and by a due regulation of the
respiratory economy, and of the organic ac-
tion of articulation, will give power and
case to the public speaker.	ol8

161 Broadway, September, 1845.

WILEY & PUTNAM'S

LIBRARY OF CHOICE READING.

“BOOKS WHICH ARE BOOKS.”

THE PUBLISHERS of the Library of Choice:
Reading beg leave to call attention to the fol
lowing classification of the books published in the
series by which it will appear that novelty, variety,
and standard must	have always been preserved,

and the promise of the original prospectus faithfully 
kept. It was proposed to publish the best books of
Travels, Biographies, works of Classic Fiction,
where the morally superior to the mere story, with
out any-sacrifice of the interest— occasional choice
volumes of Poetry Essays, Criticism. Contributions
to History, and generally such single volumes writ
ten by men of genius, as will equally delight the I
scholar and the general reader." The books already
issue 1 and ready for immediate publication may be
arranged as follows:

BOOKS OF TRAVELS

EOTHEN, OR TRACES OF TRAVEL BROUGHT
HOME FROM THE EAST.

THE FRENCH IN ALGIERS By Lady Duff 

Gordon.

THE CRESCENT AND THE CROSS—2 vols. By
 Warburton.

SIR FRANCIS HEAD’S BUBBLES FROM THE

 BRUNNEN.

BECKFORD’S ITALY, SPAIN, PORTUGAL, AND
VISIT TO THE MONASTERIES OF ALCO-
 BACA AND BATALHA—in press.

notes of a journey through France

AND ITALY. By Hazlitt.—in press.

These will be followed by Sir Francis Head’s
Rough Notes of a Journey across the Pampas;—
Waterton’s Wanderings in South America; Miss
Rigby’s Loiters from the Baltic; Henry Nelson
Coleridge’s Six Months in the West Indies, and
Thackekay’s Notes of a Journey from London to
Cano, and others—forming altogether one of the
most original and select collections of books of tra
vels ever published.

CLASSIC FICTION.

MARY SCHWEIDLER, THE AMBER WITCH
The most interesting Trial for Witchcraft ever

published.

UNDINE AND SINTRAM AND HIS COMPAN-
IONS. From the German of La Motte Fouque.
THE DIARY OF LADY WILLOUGHRY.
HEADLONG HALL AND NIGHTMARE ABBEY
ZSCHOKKE’S TALES. Translated by Parke God-
I win.

THE CROCK OF GOLD. By Martin Farqubar
Tupper.

HEART AND THE TWINS. By Martin Farqubar

Tupper.—in press.

• Under this department will he included the choicest
new works of fiction as they issue from the press

and choice translations from the wipers of the Continent. The following have been already announced: Mrs Inchbald's Nature and Art ; Tales from
Tieck and Hoffman, the White Lady and Peter
Schlemihl; The Life and Adventures of Peter Wilkins, a Cornish Man; Melincourt and Crotchet Castle, by the author of Headlong Hall.
ILLUSTRATIONS OF ENGLISH LITERATURE
LEIGH HUNT’S IMAGINATION AND FANCY
HAZLITT’S dramatic writers OF The
AGE OF ELIZABETH.

HAZLITT'S CHARACTERS OF SHAKSPEARE
WILSON’S GENIUS AND CHARACTER OF

BURNS.

HAZLITT'S LECTURES ON THE COMIC WRI

TERS—in press.

hazlitt's LECTURES on the English

POETS—in press.

The works of Hazlitt's this department, the
most eloquent commentator on English Literature
will be followed by various writings of Campbell
Wilson, Coleridge, Soi they, Ellis and others.
BIOGRAPHY AND GENERAL LITERATURE.
LEIGH HUNT’S INDICATOR AND COMPA
NION—2 vols.

HOOD’S PROSE AND VERSE—2 vols.
CHARLES LAMB’S ESSAYS OF ELIA.

HAZLITT’S TABLE TALK—2d seriәs, 2 vols.
AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF BENVENUTO CELLINI

—in press.

A complete collection of the writings of Hazlitt
and Leigh Hunt will form part of the series to be
published at short intervals; WALTER SATAGE LAN
'doe’s writings; De Quincet's (the English opium
eater) Miscellaneous Writings; James Smith’s Re 
jected Addresses and the Poems and Ballads of Bon Gualtier.

Old English literature.

basil, MONTAGU'S SELECTIONS FROM TAY
LOR, SOUTH, BARROW, FULLER, &c.
CHARLES LAMB'S SPECIMENS OF OLD ENG-
LISH DRAMATISTS WHO LIVED ABOUT

THE TIME OF SHAKSPEARE.

These, the most perfect collections of the kind.
ever published, will form the introduction in prose
and verse to a series of the old English writers
including SIR THOMAS MORE, HERBERT, FULLER.
sir thomas browne, miltion, selden, bacon and others.

American Series.

Of the "Library of American Books," the fol

lowing have already been issued:
JOURNAL OF AN AFRICAN CRUISER, edited
BY NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE.
TALES BY EDGAR A. POE.

LETTERS FROM ITALY BY J T HEADLEY
THE WIGWAM AND THE CABIN. BY W. GIL

MORE SIMMS.

AG  ABEL AND THE LITTLE MANHATTAN
BY CORNELIUS MATHEWS.

WANDERINGS OF THE PILGRIM UNDER THE
SHADOW OF THE JUNGFRAU, BY GEORGE
B. CHEEVER, D. D.—Jut READY.
The following are in press:—Western Clearings 

by Mary CLAVERS (MRS KIRKLAND); Wanderings

of a Pilgrim under the Shadow of the Jungfrau, by

GEORGE B. CHEEVER; Views and Reviews in Ame

rican History, Literature, and Fiction, a Miscellany 

by W. Gimore Simms; The Forest and the Prairie 

by JAMES HALL, author of the Border Tales; a new

volume, by NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE; The OLD Eng

lish Library, by W.N. JONES; and other productions

of American authors. 		

GURNEY’S

PREMIUM DAGUERRIAN GALLERY,
189 BROADWAY, NEAV-YOKK.

PICTURES taken at this Establishment
are not excelled in this country—so say
his numerous patrons. The public are in-
vited to call and judge lor themselves. O2

MESSRS. HARPER & BROTHERS

PUBLISH THIS DAY,

Elements of Morality and Polity.

BY PROF. WHEWELL.

THIS valuable new production, from the pen of
one of the most eminent scholars of the age,

exhibits, in a most lucid, exact, and elegant state,
 the great principles of moral, political, and ecclcsi-
 slical science in a far more complete and methodi-
cal manner than has ever yet been presented to the
 public. In offering this great work to the American
 reader, the publisher begs leave to introduce it as
the commencement of a new and attractive series
of sterling books, to be issued by them, under the
general designation of

HARPER’S NEW MISCELLANY;

the volumes of winch will be legibly printed, in
duodecimo, on fine paper, and

Bound in extra Muslin Gilt—Price
Fifty Cents a Volume,

land issued at short interval To render accessible
to the million, the fullest advantage- of popular in-
struction in the various divisions of human know-
ledge, is the design of the above series. It is appa-
rent in the present day, that books of intrinsic value
are demanded by the people. Formerly the popu-
lar taste preferred mainly works of mere amusement
—the great body of readers now seek them as vehi-
cles of general knowledge books of a more per-
manently valuable caste—devoted to some of the
departments of science, or general literature. A
new race has sprung up, glowing with the first
energies of youth, requiring more expanded ideas
of the world in which they live, and a more reliable
and well-digested knowledge of the men. and the
events of other times and countries. A class of
books expressly adapted to this demand, it is the
aim of the publishers to supply; and at a price so
exceedingly cheap that every person of ordinary
taste and advantages may thus become possessed
of a

Complete Library of the Best Litera-
ture of the Age.

In this collection it is intended to include the best
productions in every department of knowledge;
| popular philosophical treatise- on topics of univer
-sal interest; the most compact and brilliant histori-
cal books; valuable biographical memoirs; modern
voyages and travels, &c.; together with scientific
and other collateral divisions; in the selection of
all which, the most careful discrimination will be
observed A mere glance over the wide domain of
our English literature will exhibit much yet unex-
plored and uncultivated, from which might be ga-
thered the fruits of a rich, luxuriant harvest; besides
which, the ever-teeming issues of the European
press open a vast revenue of literary wealth, from
which the above collections may be liberally suppli-
ed. Original productions from American writers
I will also occasionally be introduced In submitting,
therefore, the esteemed work of Prof. Whewell
 as a kind of first fruits of their ‘‘New Miscellany,”
the publishers deem it only necessary to add, that
their arrangements for carrying forward the enter-
prise of being of the most complete and efficient kind,
    they confidently rely upon their efforts being met
with a ready response from the entire reading com-
munity.

This, they venture to believe, will be insured to
other Miscellany, no less from the intrinsic value
of the collection, than from its unparalleled econo
my: each volume being elegantly produced, bound

IN HANDSOME AND SUBSTANTIAL STYLE. FITTED WITH-
OUT FARTHER EXPENSE FOR PERMANENT PRESERVA-

TION in the library; the whole series being issued
in uniform binding while the price of each volume
will be only Fifty Cents—far below the cost of
any similar senes of books yet published in this,
or, it is believed, any other country.

PIANO FORTES.—THOMAS II. CHAMBERS,
(formerly Conductor to Dubois and Stodart),

 No. 365 Broadway, will keep a complete assortment
of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Forres,
of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared
to guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch,
and External Finish, and to endure in any climate.

liberal discount from the standard prices. Piano
 Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always
on here.	_______________________________________

PENMANSHIP.

Reopening of goldsmiths writing

ACADEMY, 289 Broadway. La Farge Build-

ings, corner of Reade Street. Terms reduced to

THREE DOLLARS, AND NO EXTRA CHARGE.

MR. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully informs the 

citizens of New York amd Brooklyn, that his rooms

are now open, during the day and evening, for Pu-

pils and Visiters. Mr. G's specimens of 
PENMANSHIP

has received the First PREMIUM FIVE YEARS, from

a American Institute, and he guarantees to all in

TEN EASY AND INTERESTING EXERCISES,

a free and elegant style of writing, that the pupils

cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice.

  For sale at the Academy GOLDSMITH's GEMS 

OF PEMANSHIP.

Ladies' CLASS meets daily at 11 o'clock. Gentle-

men's day and evening. See Circular. s18

234

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

J. F. BROWNE & CO.

MANUFACTURER OF THE

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION HARP,

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard.

J F. BROWNE respectfully informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for the manufacture
 and importation of  these very beautiful instruments, at

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are such as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the duties
imposed by Tariff on these Instruments.	

J. F. Browne would observe these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modern improvements of
London and Paris, are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism Particular care is taken
to fit them for the extremes of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufac-ture, imported in the usual way.	

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe; among the latter, he would mention

N.C. Boscha, who invariably selects from this establishment.

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional talent in this country.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir:—Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of 	

testing their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof
against the inconstancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction.
January, l845.	I am yours, CHARLES THIBAULT, No. 40 Beach St., N. Y.

Dear Sir:—I write to express the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella's Concert in this city.—

The mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old	

Master, Boscha, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other.
Philadelphia, March 4th, 1841.		 Yours, most truly, H. G. TRUST.

 Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir:—I have much pleasure in saying, that the Harp of your make I performed on at the St. George's Society

 Concert, is, in brilliancy of tone, touch, and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever  played on. This will apply to all your Harps.

The grand six and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument. Yours, with respect, ELIZABETH  SLOMAN.

New York, January 16th, 1845.	

	A pupil of N. C. Boscha.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir Having at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps, I find they possess the best quali-	

ties of the first makers in Europe combined. That in the ease of touch by which the most brilliant tone is obtained in perfection and 
ease of modulation, they are superior to any I have used: their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste. Your new 

Grand Gothic six and a half octave, is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world; it will give me great pleasure 
in recommending your Harps at every opportunity.	

January 12th, 1845.			Yours Truly, HENRY HORN.

                An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every way capable of

making a correct decision. J.F. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Arts, Philadelphia, for his splendid 

 improvements in this delightful Instrument. 

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

THE SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER
B.B. MINOR, Proprietor. Published monthly,
at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

The MESSENGER has been established since
1835, has a large subscription list, and is the princi-
pal organ of Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the offiәe
of the 'Broadway Journal,’ 135 Nassau street.

JUST PUBLISHED BY H. G. DAGGERS, 30 Ann
Street, New York.

THE COTTON LORD. By Mrs. Stone A Ro
mance of the Rich and Poor, written by a lady of
brilliant talents. 25 Cents.

FRANKENSTEIN, by Mrs. Mary W. Shelley,
wife of the illustrious poet.  "It is among the most
exciting and terrible of modern romances.”—TRI
bunE. 25 Cents.

LAWRIE TODD, by John Galt, with an original
preface by the original Lawrie Todd, viz Grant
Thorburn, Esq. “Mr. Thorburn's Preface is worth
more than the  rice asked for in the novel.” 25 Cents
THE NUN: or, Life in a Convent. By one of 
the Sisterhood “A terrible exposition of the secret
practices of Roman Catholics." 25 Cents.

POOR JACK. By Captain Mariyatt, author of
Midshipman Easy, Peter Simple, &c. 25 Cents.

N. B. All of the above will; be sent for One Dollar to any person ordering them through Postmasters, who are by law authorized to remit money to
publishers. Any Postmaster ordering the above
shall be presented with either novel he may select.

ÆOLIAN attachment.

Hermann s. SARONI, Professor of Music, 116

Leonard street, New York, teaches the Piano
Forte, with or without Coleman s celebrated At-
tachment.

	____________________________ ________

PIANO FORTES.—II. WORCESTEB, NO. 135

THIRD AVENUE, Corner of 14th Street, respectfully informs his friends and the public, that he
has a good assortment of Piano Fortes, in Rosewood
and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons
wishing to purchase will find it to their advantage
to call and examine before purchasing elsewhere.

PIANO FORTES —V.F. HARRISON, 23 CANAL

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron Frames, &c., with a compass
of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made from choice
materials, and highly finished, with the most faith
ful workmanship, the result of 23 years experience
in the business.

N. B. Wanted a second hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes hired by the month.

PIANO FORTES CHEAP FOR CASH—THE
subscribers have on hand a handsome assort-
ment, 6, 6 1/2 and 7 octave, mahogany and rosewood
pianos, which they will warrant and sell low for
cash or approved paper

GLENN, RODGERS & CO., Manufacturers,

152 Fulton street, East of Broadway.

G H. DERWORT, PROFESSOR OF SINGING,
• Guitar and Piano Forte, has opened a class
for Young Ladies, from 7 to lo years  of age, among
whom are three of his own daughters, whom he
proposes to thoroughly instruct in art of Singing.
Mr. Derwort’s system is the result of many  years
observation and experience, during which he has
successfully taught in Geunany, London and New
York. His method cannot fail to impart to his pu
pils a clear perception and a thorough knowledge
of the grammatical principles of music with the
ability to harmonize any simple given melody.

Parents and guardians are invited to call at 44
Rooms, 427 Broadway, when every inquiry will be
answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in ad
vance. Lessons three times a week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER—JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near
Etin. A Large Stock of the finest instruments al
ways on hand. Terms moderate. FOR SALE—A
Splendid Harp, nearly new. To he sold at a great
bargain for cash.

WEDDING, VISITING, & PROFESSIONAL
CARDS, engraved and printed at VALEN-
TINE'S, l Beckman street— Lovejoy's Hotel.

J BALLARD. PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR,
• Singing, and Flute, No. 135 Spring street.

CARD OF REMOVAL.—MR W. A KING,
Professor of Music and Teacher of the Piano-

 Forte and Organ, has Removed to the First House
(above Twenty-Fifth Street on the Rail-Road (4th
Avenue )

Our First Volume.—A few copies of
the first volume of the Broadway Jour-
nal are for sale at the office, either in
numbers or neatly bound.

AGENTS.

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.

R. G. H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct.

M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O.

D. M. Dewey, Rochester, N Y.

J. Robertson, Syracuse, N. Y.

W. E. Russell, Schencetady, N. Y
Levi Willard, Troy, N. Y.

G. Jones, Albany. N. Y.

S. F. Hoyt, Newburgh, N Y.

Shurtz & Wilde, Baltimore, Md.
Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia.

Thos. H. Pease, New-Haven, CL
J C. Morgan, New Orleans.

W W. Kingsley, New-London, Ct.

G. N. Beesley, Utica, N Y.

H.B. Strang, Peekskill, N. Y.

Hallburton & Dudley Boston, Mass.

S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.

Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct.

H. Eston, Providence, R. I.

Safford & Park, Norwich. Ct.

John Tomlin, P. M. Jackson, Tenn.

S. Hart, Sen., Charleston, S.C.