THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.

EDGAR A, POE,

editor and proprietor.

NO. 18.

NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 8, 1845.

FROM THE FRENCH OF DE VIGNY.

Come on the sea, beloved,

Fearless and free,

Leave friends and wealth behind;

Come, come with me.

My bark on the water shines
A fairy thing;—

See her pennon, mast and keel!

She is but a little shell,

Yet there I am king.

The earth was made for the slave,

Oh maiden free,

But for man, the stern and brave,

The boundless sea.

The waves breathe in their (low
A mystery,

And tenderly they sing
fn their soft murmuring—

Love,, Liberty.	ANNE C. LYNCH.

The Fate of Alcestis.

Facilis descensus Averni; 

Sed revocare gradum––

He labor–hocopusest. 

It was twilight in the infernal regions. All was still-
ness in the Stygian palace, for Proserpina had not yet
made her appearance from the chamber where she usu-
ally retired after dinner, to indulge herself in a siesta.
Pluto had gone on a visit to Olympus to complain of sonic
new Esculapius, and the scarcity of fresh arrivals in his
dominions; for it was a subject of lamentation through-
out Hell, that a full month had elapsed without any tri-
bute money being paid to Charon, for carrying souls
across the Hateful Passage. The old man was rheumat-
ic from his long inactivity, and so cross, that nobody,save,
his master, ventured to speak to him. The ill humor
was so general that it extended to the royal abode; and
even the sternly serene countenance of the monarch had
Worn on his departure so black an expression that his at-
tendants shrunk from his looks. He had gone without
taking leave of his queen; indeed, it was said they were
bot upon the most cordial terms; though the exact truth
could not be ascertained, none venturing to interfere in
his Majesty’s domestic affairs. The infernal courtiers
were scattered here and there about the palace; some
playing at domestic, smoking their pipes under the sha-
dow of the huge cypresses that hung their mournful
wreaths from the columns of the porticoes; others read-
ing the newspapers by the expiring light, or stretched
in listless ease along the black marble benches. Three
dark figures were pacing the long gravel walks, wrapped
in their cloaks, with their eyes fixed on the ground.—
These were the Eumcnides, and they seemed too deeply
absorbed for conversation. The only interruption to the

silence was the heavy and continuous roaring of Cocy
tus, as his black waves rolled gloomily on, to unite them-
selves with the vast channel of Acheron; and the crack-
ling heard from Phlegethon, as occasionally shoots of
flame illuminated the increasing darkness. Now and
then, too, Cerberus, who lay slumbering on the river-side,
would lift up one of his three heads, and utter a low, la-
zy growl at the sound of some fancied footstep. Then
he would shake his three pair of ears, and compose him-
self again to sleep.

“I can play no more,” said one of the gamesters, ri-
sing from his seat. “It is too dark to distinguish the
points.”

“Nay, friend,” returned the winner, “one stake more.
I will risk ten to one we have new arrivals to-night.—
There is a plague raging in Thessaly.”

“And what of that? What rs the World coming to?
A plague—and does not Jove send an antidote to every
poison? The shears of Atropos will rust for want of
usage. Look—the poor thing is ready to expire with
ennui!”

The figure he pointed out was sitting in a melancholy
posture, under one of the pillars of the infernal throne.
One hand supported her head; its marble whiteness
strangely contrasted with her raven tresses and black
robes—and the other, hanging negligently at her side,
held the fatal scissors.

There was a sudden stir among the attendants, and
Proserpina herself appeared. Her stately figure was en-
veloped in the imperial robes worn on state occasions,
and a gorgeous crown was upon her head. She moved
with divine majesty, attended, but not supported, by her
favorite hand-maidens, and bending a haughty glance up-
on the awed group before her, paused ere she ascended
the seat of sovereignty. Her voice, when she spoke, was
like the murmur of falling waters.

“How now—Tyche! why are not the lamps lighted?
For what have you the charge of our palace?”

“So please your Majesty, Tisiphone’s last draught of
oil for the uses of Tartarus, exhausted our present store.”

“Do your duty, sir, and trouble me no more with thy
presence. Arc we to receive company in darkness ?”

“I did not know your Majesty expected company,”
ventured her favorite maiden.

“Certainly: thou knowest to-night is the anniversary
of my coronation. I have ordered supper in the great
halland–”

“Alas, dear mistress,” said the maiden, putting her
handkerchief to her eyes—“is it not rather an occasion
for mourning?—Can you have forgotten the lovely vale
of Enna, and our blithe garlands, and pastoral songs—
and the birth-day gifts of Ceres? When shall we be so
happy again? Oh that fatal pomegranate!”

“Have done with your whining nonsense, Cyane,” cried
the Queen, angrily; “or by my father Jupiter, and my
mother Ceres, and my grandmother Vesta, I will send

268

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

you to keep company with the trees and fountains—that
may reply to your wailings—if you so much as name
Sicily to me again!” But when the favorite pressed
more closely to tile side of her mistress, and looked up
tenderly and tearfully in her face, and dropped her eyes
on the ground, as if afraid of her displeasure, the Queen
put her arm around her affectionately, and spoke more
mildly.

“Nay, good Cyane, take it not so to heart. Come—I
will tell you a secret”; and she bent her lips to the mai-
den’s ear. “A youth will join us to-night, whose beauty
would make jealous our brother Apollo.”

Cyane once more dropped her eyes on the ground.

“He is to be my cup-bearer. Shall I not equal the
Olympian Juno? It is Admetus, King of Thessaly, whom
the Fates this night conduct to my realm. We will be
magnificent, though my lord be in heaven. But the hour
is come.” And she took out her gold repeater, which
rang nine clear strokes.

“Atropos, my girl, you are dull to-night.” Atropos
lifted up her head with a melancholy smile. The shears
were half open.

Then a tumult was heard at the gates. They were
shaken with long and loud clamor, and the sound of ma-
ny voices. The palace slaves ran hither and thither, to
find out the meaning of the confusion, and Cerberus sent
up a triple yell, that might have frightened Rhadaman-
thus himself. The portals burst open with a thunderous
crash, and Pluto’s outriders entered helter skelter.

“What is all this?” cried Proserpina, forcing compo-
sure, as she sate upon her throne, beating rapidly her
cushioned footstool with her little feet, in impatience at
the unwonted disorder. “Is Tartarus let loose?”

“Nay, your highness!” said a knight, throwing him-
self from his horse, and kneeling on one knee at her au-
gust feet—“only Pluto is coming back.”

“Pluto coming back!” exclaimed the queen; and she
gave Cyane a pinch that made the poor girl’s arm black
and blue. “ What, in Jove’s name, is the matter?”

“No matter at all, your Majesty. But Nycteus, one
of the four black royal steeds, has cast a shoe, and our
master has ordered him to Lemnos, that Vulcan may re-
pair the damage. But here comes the king.”

Pluto stared as he saw the saloon illuminated with
wax tapers, and his spouse arrayed in gorgeous apparel.
He even stopped, as he came near, and his brow gather-
ed blackness.

“Ah, truant!” exclaimed Proserpina, throwing her
scarf gracefully back, and extending her white hand—
“can nought but mischance bring thee to my side? And
on the anniversary of our wedding, too! We must grace
the occasion with a little splendor, though sooth, my
heart is always heavy enough, having so oft to count, in
loneliness and sadness, the hours of thy absence!” And
she averted her face, and covered her dark eyes.

Pluto’s nature was stubborn, but he never could abide
the sight of a woman’s tears. All he shed were iron;
and there was something in the softness of liquid sorrow
that melted his very soul. So he applied himself to
sooth his aggrieved wife; wiped her eyes with her cam-
bric handkerchief, and promised, on the honor of a king,
never to swerve from his affection to her.

“Cheer up, my flower! we must have no tears on our
wedding day. Cheer up!—Look—there is some one, as
I live! in Charon’s barge!”

There was a general rush of expectation, and all eyes
were directed to the boat, as it came slowly across the

dark waters. Proserpina's heart beat almost audibly.—
The barge touched the hither strand and two figures ap-
peared, marshalled by the sullen oarsman. They land-
ed, and one advanced. It was a youth, of perfect figure,
and face that shamed the morning. Pluto saw that he
stopped not to pay his fare,and his suspicions were again
excited.

 "This is your solitude,” said he to his lady wife.—
“Yon fair stripling, it seems, had your previous war-
rant to pass. Pray, what is his business here?”

Proserpina trembled, but she was too proud to show
fear. “I have destined him to an office in my house-
hold”—she answered, boldly.

“And what, if I may ask?”

“My cup-bearer.”

“Your cup-bearer! You must ape the deities of heav-
en in all their absurd follies? Out upon you!” cried the
monarch, as he stamped his foot; the blow shook the
foundations of hell and of the earth; the tides of ocean
receded, and the inhabitants of Sicily recorded another
earthquake.

“Oh, Pluto! a truce to your stuff!” gaily answered
the queen, in a voice of music that penetrated the re-
cesses of Erebus. “Have done with your folly, and re-
ceive your visitor. See you not, it is Mercury?"

The black haired king had already perceived his mis-
take, and felt ashamed of his violence, as the beautiful
stranger approached. The wings attached to his helmet
and sandals, and the wings upon his wand of gold en-
twined with emerald serpents, denoted the messenger of
Jove. The sword by which Argus fell was girt to his
side, and a lyre hung neglected over his shoulders, half
covered by his profusion of bright golden curls. His eye
was clear and piercing, and his step light and swift as
he drew nigh the throne. He bowed gracefully to Pluto,
kissed the fair hand of Proserpina, and hoped he found
his kinswoman in good health.

“Apollo sends your highness this, with his compli-
ments,” said the youthful deity, presenting the queen a
rose-colored note, perfumed and sealed with red wax.—
Then he turned to Pluto—and they were soon deep in the
discussion of the politics of heaven, and the gossip of
the court of Jove. Proserpina turned aside to read the
note.

“Lo, Cyane!” cried she, reddening with vexation,—
“Apollo has the insolence to propose me a substitute for
Admetus! Heard you ever the like! The Farcer, he says,
have promised to excuse the Prince’s death, provided
some voluntary victim can be found to fill his place!—
They think to pass his wife upon me! But I will send
her back to him—that I will! They might have asked
my leave!”

“What is the matter?” cried Pluto, seeing the distur-
bance of his spouse.

“Summon hither yon shivering ghost,” said Proserpi-
na angrily—for once taking no heed of her lord. "I
would see who has had the courage to brave my presence
uncalled!”

Mercury stepped back, and beckoned his companion to
the foot of the throne. Slowly and timidly the shade
approached, gliding through a throng of attendants ea-
ger for a glance at the new comer. It stopped at some
distance from the Stygian sovereigns.

“Come nearer,” said the empress of the dead in a
softer tone, “and doff thy mantle.”

The spirit obeyed; and the shroud falling, revealed a
countenance and form of transcendant loveliness. The

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

2r>!>

face was passing pale, and the calm passionless eyes
were unshadowed by thought or emotion; nor moved the
long fair locks that hung from the clear temples, with
the breath from the colorless lips. It stood motionless,
yet quivering, like the shadow of some beautiful statue,
seen in the trembling pool.

“Now by the helmet of the Cyclops,” exclaimed Plu-
to, gazing upon the vision—“it is a lovely one! Whom
have you brought us, Mercury?”

“It is the bride of Thessaly. She dies in her husband’s 
stead, who lives for having sheltered Phosbus,” answered
Mercury, hesitating a little, for he was too much given
to lying not to find difficulty in speaking the truth.

“Thessaly was a fool to part with her,” said the god.
“But she shall fare bravely. Here, some of you, give
her in charge to Eacus. She shall become one of us.—
So, my love, you never told me it was a lady cup-bearer
you expected. That was quite a different affair. How
could you sport with my fondness? Fie—Proserpina!”
“And fie, Pluto! to frown upon one who shares thy
throne. Verily, thou art quicker to suspicion than to
aught else; whereas, in aught that concerns thy consort,
as Hamlet says,

Duller shouldst thou be, than the fat weed
That roots itself at ease on Lethe wharf.

 "I say Amen to that!” said Mercury, who always took j
part with the ladies. Down, vile cur! I wish, good
kinsman, you would teach this dog of yours better man-
ners! Here he has daubed my court dress with the mud
of the Acherusian fen! Down with you, fellow!”

Cerberus burst into a yell of agony, and retreated to-
wards his master, with his three heads stooped to the
ground, and his immense bushy tail sweeping the floor
behind him. The cause of his alarm was soon apparent.
A brawny figure was seen halfway across the river of
hell, grasping Charon’s two ears, and urging the bark
onward with incredible speed. The sullen old man was
swearing lustily at being compelled to play the part of
an idle passenger in his own boat, which shot over the
waters with such swiftness as to curl the sluggish wave,
and leave a wake of foam. It touched the side; the fi-
gure leaped on shore, bestowed a hearty box upon the
ferryman, and pursued by his execrations, entered the
imperial palace, and strode into the presence.

“You are welcome, Hercules,” said the queen, who
was first to recover from her surprise. “You are welcome
to our court. How goes on the earth?”

“Not quite well, your highness,” answered the son of
Alcmena, saluting Pluto and the winged deity—“else I
had not come hither to complain. How do you do, my
pretty Cyane?”

“It is long”—said Pluto, civily—“since we last greet-
ed you in the shades.”

“And then my errand was no peaceful one. Be quiet,
monster!" The hound had crouched for protection un-
der the chairs, and was growling with fear and rage.—
Thou need’st not again dread the upper air. Earth had

enough of thee on thy last visit.––But to the point: I

come to ask a dear boon of your highness.”

“What boon shall the mighty Alcides ask, that I will
not grant?’’ cried the Stygian Juno.

“Trust my well known generosity,” said Pluto.

“I thank your graces both,” answered Hercules, tak-
ing snuff; “and will unfold my business. The youthful
consort of Admetus has just passed into your dominions.
Her lord, frantic at her loss, is almost expiring with
grief. Moved by the sight of his woe, I hare sworn,

by immortal Jove, to implore at your hands the lost Al-
cestis. Let me conduct her back to earth. Seal your
empire over the world by one great act of clemency, and
make happy two faithful lovers by restoring them to
each other.”

Pluto and Proserpina looked at each other while the
son of Alcmena spoke. Images of felicity and blighted
affection, and restored happiness, flitted before their fan-
cy. The queen thought of the bright fields of Enna, and
her youthful companions, and her shepherd lovers; and
the monarch thought of his bride in her earth-born beau-
ty, and her charming bashfulness, and his swift chariot,
and the Cecropian cave. As for Mercury, he was too
well bred to interpose in a delicate matter. So he turn-
ed on his heel, and whistled “Zip Coon.”

“Do it”—whispered Hercules in the ear of his majes-
ty—“and I will send you Diomedes and his horses.”

“I have no objection,” said Proserpina, putting up her
lip.

“This must be thought of,” at length replied the king
of Hades. “It is no easy matter to reverse the decree of
fate.”

“I have the lady on my side”—muttered Hercules, glan-
cing at the queen.

“Well, that is half the battle,” said Pluto. “In the
mean time, you must sup with us, my good lad. This,
you know, is our wedding day; and Proserpina has de-
vised a little party, and a dance, and so forth—having
bespoken Orpheus himself for her fiddler. So come along;
give Madame your arm. Mercury, we should be happy
of your company; but I see you are in haste, therefore
will not detain you from your ambrosia and nectar on
Olympus. Make my compliments to Jupiter and the la-
dies. Come on, Alcides.”

******

Thrice had the hours on the Thessalian plain meas-
ured the westering sun; the growing shade upon the di-
al’s changing plate in vain had warned the shepherd;
matron, youth and maid and gray-haired sire poured from
the city’s breast, where every toil for a brief space had
rest. They came to pay the last funereal rite to their
lost queen. Upon the bier she lay, lovely in death; her

shrouded face more white than e’er the royal rose.––

Along the way that led to Pluto’s temple, on the ground
were scattered cypress boughs; and far around the hands
of pious friends scattered buds. Within the hallowed
fane the victims stood—three sable bulls; their brows
with cypress crowned, and adianthus, and the daffodil,
mingling their modest hues and sad perfume, sacred to
him who rules beyond the tomb.

Thrice had the priest invoked the sacred Nine, and
thrice relumed the flame of sacrifice that burnt before
the shrine. Then lifting high the knife, “This hand of
mine,” he cried, “dread Pluto, that devotes to thee this
offering (oh, accepted may it be!) was never stain-
ed with crime! So thou receive the sacrifice. Immor-
tal Proserpina! In thy rich favor to the lost one give a
glorious doom in the Elysian plains! And grant where
now keen anguish only reigns in our Admetus’ breast,
the peace divine of pious recognition may abide, serene
as hers who for her consort died!”

He entered, and the weeping train came nigh; with
sighs suppressed in vain, the hoary Pheres and Clymene
with her sad veiled brow, were seen. Bereaved Adme-
tus, lifting inwards the skies his clasped beseeching
hands; with sympathizing woe the pious youths their
king surround, with flowing locks, and eyes that seek the
ground.

270

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

“Lo!” cried tire priest; “is there not one of all who
silent stand by this untimely pall, to tell her praises who
thus coldly lies the bride of death?” He said; with kin-
dly eyes a youth stepped forth; grasping" the rural lyre,
to sing with trembling lips and heart on fire.

“Gracious Apollo I invoke; and thee, first of the
Nine, renowned Calliope! who sit’st in splendor on the
mountain height where soar the swans, with crest of
glancing light, that yet beside the Heliconian spring
curve the proud neck and fold the sounding wing. As-
sist my lyre, for now I boldly sing of worth might ask
its music, were my tongue hallowed as his with whom
Olympus rung.

“Noble she was—and fair; with beauty crowned such
as the Cyprian queen, of charms renowned, would know
surpassed her own. Why, Parcæ, why doomed ye such
matchless loveliness to die? Hid Pluto claim from earth
another bride? or would the queen of shades in envy
hide such beauty from the world? For never yet hath
he whose oar doth rule the Stygian tide, on his black
shores so pure a spirit met!

“Why did the scythe of death strike down the flower
scarce opened to the sun? Age hath its hour to fade and
fall; the bleak north wind doth spare the gentle stalk to
sweep in ruin bare the mountain-cresting oak. The ten-
der vine sees not its blossoms ere their fruit decline; nor
doth their mother earth untimely mourn the blighted buds
her genial breast had borne to gladsome summer. Couldst
thou not, O, Death! hare won some elder prey whose fail-
ing breath might have redeemed thy victim?

“Lo! how wail her babes their mother lost! the youth-
ful train of matrons ask her, and the sylvan vale whose
haunt she loved, and the luxuriant plain. Ye, who adored
her, breathe the last fond sigh o’er her fair corse! Clouds,
weep your tributes here! Sun, veil thy splendors. Pitying
winds, reply! sweep a sad requiem o’er Alcestis’ bier!

“Hide the pale cold face forever from the gaze of her
lord, and remove the corse into the temple. Let her be
entombed in holy ground. Follow her, comrades, and
chant with me the solemn death song. Let the virtues
of the lost one be the theme of the last lay her parting
spirit hears."

Chorus.*

Daughter of Pelias! joyful be thy home—

Glorious thy lot in Pluto’s realm of gloom
Thou dweller in a cold and sunless dome!

The dark-haired god who bids the firing mourn,

And he—the oarsman of that dreary tide,

Of all Earth’s daughters know thee lor the pride
His bark o’er Acherontiau waves hath borne

Poets shall praise thee on the mountain lyre
Seven-stringed—and choral hymns, in tones of fire,

From countless minstrels shall thy name inspire!

In Sparta, when the Carnean month returns,

What lime in Heaven the full-orbed moon doth reign,

In Athens—shall be heard the lofty strain
Thou parting wak’st in souls where genius burns.

Oh! would the power were mine to bring thee forth
From Stygian caves to bless the abodes of earth—

From black Cocytus of infernal birth—

With mighty oar across Hell's tide to sweep!

For thou, most loved of women! thou alone
For thy lord’s failing life hast given thine own—

Redeeming thus his spirit from the deep.

Light press the earth upon thy virtuous breast!

* From a prose version of the Chorus in the tragedy of "Alcestis," fur-
nished the writer. 

Ne’er be thy spouse in other arms caressed!

Else thy babes scorn, and Heaven deny him rest!

Thou, when his sire, with age and sorrow white,

His hoary mother, trembling nigh the grave,

Refused with yielded life their son to save—

Their son, of youthful years the sole delight—

In youth’s fresh prime, in beauty’s sunny bloom
Thou, sell-devoted for another’s doom,

Hast passed the darksome portals of the tomb!
So true a spouse, ye gods! cn me bestow!

Thus in rare bliss, like some bright river’s tide,

Serene the measure of my days should glide,

Unchecked by strife, unclouded e’er by wo!



Hath a new morning dawned? Who is’t comes nigh,
rivalling Aurora, daughter of the sky? A form of
 strength forth from the temple gate leads a veiled fair
one to Admetus’ side;—“Receive the bounty of relent-
ing Fate—Proserpina’s gift—a new and lovely bride.”—
One look of scorn	another—she is known!—“Alcestis!

It is she! my loved—mine own!”

“You might have thanked me for my trouble, Adme-
tus,” said Hercules.	E. F. ELLETT.

Epigrams.

I. 

ON A LADY WITH RED HATS.

From the Spanish.

So coy and cruel was the Lady Jane,

That in revenge for slighting all his darts,

Cupid, all heedless of her prayer and pain,

Dyed her soft tresses in her lover’s hearts.

II.

“FIEL A LA MUERTE.”

From the Italian.

Faithful to death”!—’Tis what I still have been,

But ’lis your death, and not my own I mean



III.

From the Saxon.

Oh! faithful to the grave! My latest breath
Shall still repeat the vow, in sorrow strong;

I shall be faithful to the hour of death,

But feel, I shall not, love, be faithful long.

IV.

GOOD EARS.
From the Scotch.

Meg boasts her ears that catch the farthest sound
Long in advance of every ear around;

“Ah V groans her husband, in his saddest mood,

“Ah! would that mine were anything hut good.

v.

dick’s opinion.

From the Saxon.

Dick holds me quite unworthy of his thought,

But such a notion makes me nothing grim,

For, do you see, I all along have taught
That Dick’s best thought was only worthy him.

VI.

From the French.

“Your uncle” said you?—The assassin,

Never physic’d me when ill,—

I never look his medicine,—

Behold the proof—I’m living still.

W. GILMORE SIMMS.



THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

271

The Devil in the Belfry.

What o’clock is it?—Old Saying.

Every body knows, in a general way, that the finest
place in the world is—or, alas, urns—the Dutch borough
of Vondervotteimittiss. Yet, as it lies some distance
from any of the main roads, being in a somewhat out of
the way situation, there are, perhaps, very few of my
readers who have ever paid it a visit. For the benefit of
those who have not, therefore, it will be only proper that
I should enter into some account of it. And this is, in-
deed, the more necessary, as with the hope of enlisting
public sympathy in behalf of the inhabitants, I design
here to give a history of the calamitous events which
have so lately occurred within its limits. No one who
knows me will doubt that the duty thus self-imposed will
be executed to the best of my ability, with all that rigid
impartiality, all that cautious examination into facts, and
diligent collation of authorities which should ever dis-
tinguish him who aspires to the title of historian.

By the united aid of medals, manuscripts, and inscrip-
tions, I am enabled to say, positively, that the borough
of Vondervotteimittiss has existed, from its origin, in pre-
cisely the same condition which it at present preserves.
Of the date of this origin, however, I grieve that I can on-
ly speak with that species of indefinite definiteness which
mathematicians are, at times, forced to put up with in
certain algebraic formulae. The date, I may thus say, in
regard to the remoteness of its antiquity, cannot be less
than any assignable quantity whatsoever.

Touching the derivation of the name Vondervotteimit-
tis, I confess myself, with sorrow, equally at fault.—
Among a multitude of opinions upon this delicate point,
some acute, some learned, some sufficiently the reverse,

I am able to select nothing which ought to be considered
satisfactory. Perhaps the idea of Grogswigg, nearly co- 
incident with that of Kroutaplenttey, is to be cautiously 
preferred. It runs:—“Vondcrvottcimittis—Vonder, lege
Dander—Vottcimittis, quasi und Blcitziz—Bleitztz obsol:
pro Blitzcn.” This derivation, to say the truth, is still
countenanced by some traces of the electric fluid evident
on the summit of the steeple of the House of the Town-
Council. I do not choose, however, to commit myself
on a theme of such importance, and must refer the reader
desirous of information, to the “Oratiunculae de Rebus
Praeter-Vetens," of Dundergutz. See, also, Blunderbuz-
zard “De Derivationibus," pp. 27 to 5010, Folio Gothic
edit., Red and Black character, Catch-word and No Cy-
pher;—wherein consult, also, marginal notes in the auto-
graph of Stuffundpuff, with the Sub-Commentaries of
Gruntundguzzell.

Notwithstanding the obscurity which thus envelops the
date of the foundation of Voudervotteimittis, and the de-
rivation of its name, there can be no doubt, as I said be-
fore, that it has always existed as we find it at this epoch.
The oldest man in the borough can remember not the
slightest difference in the appearance of any portion of
it; and, indeed, the very suggestion of such a possibility
is considered an insult. The site of the village is in a
perfectly circular valley, about a quarter of a mile in cir-
cumference, and entirely surrounded by gentle hills, over
whose summit the people have never yet ventured to pass.
For this they assign the very good- reason that they do
not believe there is anything at all on the other side.

Round the skirts of the valley, (which is quite level,
and paved throughout with Hat tiles.) extends a continu-

ous row of sixty little houses. These, having their backs
on the hills, must look, of course, to the centre of the
plain, which is just sixty yards from the front door of each
dwelling. Every house has a small garden before it,
with a circular path, a sun-dial, and twenty-four cabba-
ges. The buildings themselves are so precisely alike,
that one can in no manner be distinguished from the other.
Owing to the vast antiquity, the style of architecture is
somewhat odd, but it is not for that reason the less strik-
ingly picturesque. They are fashioned of hard-burned
little bricks, red, with black ends, so that the walls look
like a chess-board upon a great scale. The gables are
turned to the front, and there are cornices, as big as all
the rest of the house, over the eaves and over the main
doors. The windows are narrow and deep, with very
tiny panes and a great deal of sash. On the roof is a
vast quantity of tiles with long curly ears. The wood-
work, throughout, is of a dark hue, and there is much
 carving about it, with but a trilling variety of pattern;
 for, time out of mind, the carvers of Vondervotteimittis
have never been able to carve more than two objects—
a time-piece and a cabbage. But these they do exceed-
 ingly well, and intersperse them, with singular ingenuity,
wherever they find room for the chisel.

The dwellings are as much alike inside as out, and the
 furniture is all upon one plan. The floors are of square
 tiles, the chairs and tables of black-looking wood with
thin crooked legs and puppy feet. The mantle-pieces
are wide and high, and have not only time-pieces and
cabbages sculptured over the front, but a real time-piece,
which makes a prodigious ticking, on the top in the mid-
 dle, with a flower-pot containing a cabbage standing on
 each extremity by way of outrider. Between each cab-
bage and the time-piece again, is a little china man hav-
ing a large stomach with a great round hole in it, through
which is seen the dial-plate of a watch.

The fire-places are large and deep, with fierce crooked-
looking fire-dogs. There is constantly a rousing fire, and
a huge pot over it full of sauer-kraut and pork, to which
the good woman of the house is always busy in attending,
 She is a little fat old lady, with blue eyes and a red face,

 and wears a huge cap like a sugar-loaf, ornamented with
 purple and yellow ribbons. Her dress is of orange-col-
ored linsey-woolsey made very full behind and very short
 in the waist—and indeed very short in other respects, not
reaching below the middle of her leg. This is some-
what thick, and so are her ankles, but she has a fine pair
of green stockings to cover them. Her shoes, of pink
leather, are fastened each with a bunch of yellow ribbons
puckered up in the shape of a cabbage. In her left hand
she has a little heavy Dutch watch; in her right she
wields a ladle for the sauer-kraut and pork. By her side
there stands a fat tabby cat, with a gilt toy repeater tied
to its tail, which “the boys” have there fastened by way
of a quiz.

The boys themselves arc, all three of them, in the gar-
den attending the pig. They are each two feet in height.
They have three-cornered cocked hats, purple waiscoats
reaching down to their thighs, buckskin knee-breeches, red
woollen stockings, heavy shoes with big silver buckles,
and long surtout coats with large buttons of mother-of-
pearl. Each, too, has a pipe in his mouth, and a little
dumpy watch in. his right hand. He takes a puff and a
look, and then a look and a-puff. The pig, which is cor-
pulent and lazy, is occupied now in picking up the stray
leaves that fall from the cabbages, and now in giving a
kiek behind at the gilt repeater, which the urchins have

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

272

also tied to his tail, in order to make him look as hand-
some as the cat.

Right at the front door, in a high-backed leather-bot-
tomed armed chair, with crooked legs and puppy feet like
the tables, is seated the old man of the house himself.—
He is an exceedingly puffy little old gentleman, with big
circular eyes and a huge double chin. His dress resem-
bles that of the boys, and I need say nothing farther
about it. All the difference is that his pipe is somewhat
bigger than theirs, and he can make a greater smoke.—
Like them, he has a watch, but be carries his watch in
his pocket. To say the truth, he has something of more
importance than a watch to attend to, and what that is I
shall presently explain. He sits with his right leg upon
his left knee, wears a grave countenance, and always
keeps one of his eyes, at least, resolutely bent upon a cer-
tain remarkable object in the centre of the plain.

This object is situated in the steeple of the House of
the Town-Council. The Town-Council are all very lit-
tle, round, oily, intelligent men, with big saucer eyes and
fat double chins, and hare their coats much longer and
their shoe-buckles much bigger than the ordinary inhabi-
tants of Vondervotteimittiss. Since my sojourn in the
borough they have had several special meetings, and have
adopted these three important resolutions:

“That it is wrong to alter the good old course of
things”—

“That there is nothing tolerable out of Vondervotteim-
ittiss”—and

“That we will stick by our clocks and our cabbages.”

Above the session room of the Council is the steeple,
and in the steeple is the belfry, where exists, and has ex-
isted time out of mind, the pride and wonder of the vil-
lage—the great clock of the borough of Vondervotteiinit-
tiss. And this is the object to which the eyes of the old
gentlemen are turned who sit in the leather-bottomed
arm chairs.	

The great clock has seven faces—one in each of the 
seven sides of the steeples—so that it can be readily seen 
from all quarters. Its faces are large and white, and its
bands heavy and black. There is a belfry-man whose 
sole duty is to attend to it; but this duty is the most per- 
feet of sinecures, for the clock of Vondervotteimittis was
never yet known to have anything the matter with it.—
Until lately the bare supposition of such a thing was con-
sidered heretical. From the remotest period of antiquity
to which the archives have reference, the hours have
been regularly struck by the big bell. And, indeed, the
case was just the same with all the other clocks and
watches in the borough. Never was such a place for
keeping the true time. When the large clapper thought
proper to say “twelve o’clock!” all its obedient follow-
ers opened their throats simultaneously, and responded
like a very echo. In short the good burghers were fond
of their sauer-kraut, bat then they were proud of their
clocks.

All people who hold sinecure offices are held in more
or less respect, and as the belfry-man of Vondervotteimit-
tis has the most perfect of sinecures, he is the most per-
fectly respected of any man in the world. He is the chief
dignitary of the borough, and the very pigs look up to
him with a sentiment of reverence. His coat-tail is very
far longer—his pipe, his shoe-buckles, his eyes, and his
stomach, very far bigger than those of any other old gentle-
man in the village; and as to his chin, it is not only
double but triple.

I have thus painted the happy estate of Vondervotteim-

ittiss; alas, that so fair a picture should ever experience
a reverse!

There has been long a saying among the wisest inhabi-
tants that “no good can come from over the hills,” and it
really seemed that the words had in them something of
the spirit of prophecy. It wanted five minutes of noon,
on the day day before yesterday, when there appeared a
very odd-looking object on the summit of the ridge to the
eastward. Such an occurrence, of course, attracted uni-
versal attention, and every little old gentleman who sat
in a leather-bottomed arm-chair, turned one of his eyes
with a stare of dismay upon the phenomenon, still keep-
ing the other upon the clock in the steeple.

By the time that it wanted only three minutes to noon,
the droll object in question was perceived to be a very
diminutive foreign-looking young man. He descended
the hills at a great rate, so that every body had soon a
good look at him. He was really the most finnicky little
personage that had ever been seen in Vondervotteimitiss.
His countenance was of a dark snuff colour, and he had
a long hooked nose, pea eyes, a wide mouth, and an ex-
cellent set of teeth, which latter he seemed anxious of
displaying, as he was grinning from ear to car. What
with mustachios and whiskers there was none of the rest
of his face to be seen. His head was uncovered,and his hair
neatly done up in papillotes. His dress was a tight-fitting
swallow-tailed black coat (from one of whose pockets
dangled a vast length of white handkerchief,) black ker-
seymere knee-breeches, black stockings, and stumpy-look-
ing pumps, with huge bunches of black satin ribbon lor
bows. Under one arm he carried a huge chapeau-de-bras,
and under the other a fiddle nearly five times as big
as himself. In his left hand was a gold snuff-box, from
which, as he capered down the hill, cutting all manner
of fantastical steps, he took snuff incessantly with an
air of the greatest possible self-satisfaction. God bless
me! here was a sight for the honest burghers of Vonder-
votteimittiss!

To speak plainly, the fellow had, in spite of his grin-
ning, an audacious and sinister kind of face; and as he
curvetted right into the village, the odd stumpy appear-
ance of his pumps excited no little suspicion, and many
a burgher who beheld him that day would have given a
trifle for a peep beneath the white cambric handkerchief
which hung so obtrusively from the pocket of his swal-
low-tailed coat. But what mainly occasioned a righteous
indignation was, that the scoundrelly popinjay, while he
cut a fandango here, and a whirligig there, did not seem
to have the remotest idea in the world of such a thing
as keeping time in his steps.

The good people of the borough had scarcely a chance,
however, to get their eyes thoroughly open, when,
just as it wanted half a minute of noon, the rascal hounc-
 ed, as I say, right into the midst of them; gave a chassez
here and a balancez there; and then, after a pirouette
and a pas-de-zephyr, pigeon-winged himself right up into
the belfry of the house of the Town-Council, where the
wonder-stricken belfry-man sat smoking in a state of dig-
nity and dismay. But the little chap seized him at once
by the nose; gave it a swing and a pull; clapped the big
chapeau-de-bras upon his head; knocked it down over his
eyes and month; and then, lifting up the big fiddle, beat
him with it so long and so soundly, that what with the
belfry-man being so fat, and the fiddle being so hollow,
you would have sworn that there was a regiment of dou-
ble-bass drummers all beating the devil’s tattoo up in the
belfry of the steeple of Voudervoueimittiss.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

873

There is no knowing to what desperate act of vengeance
this unprincipled attack might have aroused the inhabi-
tants, but for the important fact that it now wanted only-
half a second of noon. The bell was about to strike, and
it was a matter of absolute and pre-eminent necessity
that every body should look well at his watch. It was
evident, however, that just at this moment, the fellow in
the steeple was doing something that he had no business
to do with the clock. But as it now began to strike, no
body had any time to attend to his manoeuvres, for they
had all to count the strokes of the bell as it sounded.

“One!” said the clock.

"Von!” echoed every little old gentleman in every
leather-bottomed arm-chair in Vondervotteimittiss.—
“Von!” said his watch also; “von!” said the watch of
his vrow, and “von!” said the watches of the boys, and
the little gilt repeaters on the tails of the cat and pig.

"Two!” continued the big bell; and

“Doo!” repeated all the repeaters.

“Three! Four! Five! Six! Seven! Eight! Nine!
Ten !” said the bell.

“Dree! Vour! Fibe! Sax! Seben! Aight! Noin!
Den!” answered the others.

“Eleven!” said the big one.

“Eleben!” assented the little fellows.

“Twelve!” said the bell.

“Dvelf!" they replied, perfectly satisfied, and dropping
their voices,

“Und dvelf it iss!” said all the little old gentlemen,
putting up their watches. But the big bell had not done
with them yet.

“Thirteen!" said he.

 "Der Teufel!” gasped the little old gentlemen, turning
pale, dropping their pipes, and putting down all their
right legs from over their left knees.

“Der Teufel!” groaned they, “Dirteen! Dirteen!!—
Mein Gott, it is—it is Dirteen o’clcck!!”

Why attempt to describe the terrible scene which en-
sued? All Vondervotteimittiss flew at once into a lamen-
table state of uproar.

“Vot is cura’d to mein pelly?” roared all the boys,—
"I’ve been ongry for dis hour!”

“Vot is cum’d to mein kraut?” screamed all the vrows,
“It has been done to rags for dis hour!”

“Vot is cum’d to mein pipe?” swore all the little old
gentlemen, “Donder and Blitzen! it has been smoked
out for dis hour!”—and they filled them up again in a
a great rage, and, sinking back in their arm chairs, puffed
away so fast and so fiercely that the whole valley was
immediately filled with impenetrable smoke.

Meantime the cabbages all turned very red in the face,
and it seemed as if old Nick himself had taken posses-
sion of everything in the shape of a time-piece. The
clocks carved upon the furniture took to dancing as if
bewitched, while those upon the mantel-pieces could
scarcely contain themselves for fury, and kept such a con-
tinual striking of thirteen, and such a frisking and wrig-
gling of their pendulums as was really horrible to see.—
But, worse than all, neither the cats nor the pigs could
put up any longer with the Behaviour of the little repeat-
era tied to their tails, and resented it by scampering all
over the place, scratching and poking, and squeaking
and screeching, and caterwauling and squalling, and fly-
ing into the faces, and running under the petticoats of
the people, and creating altogether the most abominable
din and confusion which it is possible for a reasona-
ble person to conceive. And to make matters still

more distressing, the rascally little scape-grace in the
steeple was evidently exerting himself to the utmost.—
Every now and then one might catch a glimpse of the
scoundrel through the smoke. There lie sat in the belfry
upon the belfry-man, who Was lying flat upon his back.
In his teeth the villain held the hell-rope, which he kept
jerking about with his head, raising such a clatter that my
ears ring again even to think of it. On his lap lay the
big fiddle at which he was scraping out of all time
and tune, with both hands, making a great show, the nin-
compoop! of playing Judy O’Flannagan and Paddy O’-
Raferty.”

Affairs being thus miserably situated, I left the place
In disgust, and now appeal for aid to all lovers of correct
time and fine kraut. Let us proceed in a body to the bo-
rough, and restore the ancient order of things in Vonder-
votteimittiss by ejecting that little fellow from the
steeple.	EDGAR A. POE.

Criticisms on Popular Errors. 

NO. II.—MORMONISM.

Error, with hopes of fame, the world inspires.

But different bosoms burn with different fires:—

One, simply wrong, a single thought misleads;

Another ten, another twenty needs,

As stomachs varying in their nerve, or bile—

This can digest a cabbage, that a tile.

Smith had but one—one error marked his plans,

But like Briareus, ’t had a hundred hands,

By which it delved within the social mind,

To make it turbid, dreamy, dull and blind;

Yet was he shrewd and firm—Mahomet’s beast,

Ne’er, reined by Eros, trod more duly East.

Unlike Busha, no honors o’er this chief
E’er cast the driest baccalaureate leaf.

Bred to the plough, and taught the tree to fell,

He baulked at science, or he scarce could spell,

A better prophet! So his followers thought;–
Gills, visions, fiats, were in all he wrought,

And much he wrought, and many a vision tried,

Since erst he dug upon Cumorah’s side.

“Religion”—thus discoursed the prophet Smith—

"Hath lost, through erring men, its germ and pith;

And, viewed in every varying Christian creed,

Is bat a hollow, traitless, sapless reed;

AU virtue gone—priests, pastors, churches, men,

Bishop and layman, sermon, book, and pen,

All that conspires to raise the system broad,

Is one commingled mass of cant and fraud.*

“So mused I at Palmyra. To my mind,

“Some other revelation heaven designed,

Some system less inclined to split or fall,

Than that foretold by John, or preached by Paul,

Or if not diverse, in th’ Almighty plan
To be promulged by some heaven-ordered man
Of latter days. Faith on my vision paints
That glorious day—the Day of Latter Saints.

A prophet, sure, should come among his peers,

Oftener than once in eighteen hundred years,

Nor coold a fitter place than this invite.

Where KLUNEOLUX once received the rite.†

“The world itself”—th’ inspirer thus went on—

*This was the basis of teh introduction of a new dispensation. It was

necessary to condemn all the old sects, in order to show the importance of a 

new one. See Pratt's Account of Several Remarkable Disco eres, &c.—

New-York: J. W. Harrison, 465 Pearl street, 1841--36 p. 

† The prophet's reference to this great personage in Iroquois mythology, is

rather equivocal, if he intends to appeal to the moral character of Igne dux. 

274

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Iron in his ner.ves.and thunder in his tone,

"The world itself was rolling' very rough
In Christian morals, when I cried enough!
Let earth go ploughless, trees remain uncut,

While my strong shoulders to the wheels I pull
—These golden plates, I will myself translate,

And read to man the miracles of fate:

How Israel herd, in days we fancy old,

Trod in. his pride, bedlight in Ophir gold,

And warred and wandered, leader, priest, arid host,

Far from his cava hearts-loved, and sacred coast,

Till whelmed in fate and heaven-opposing will,'

In wrath he perished on Cumorah bill.”

He paused and breathed,—the listening throng admired,
And wonder deep each rustic bosom fired;

For note it, in the rise of mundane chief,

Nought is so rife in masses, as belief.

This gave to Munster John* his power and rod,

And sealed the Koran as the word of God.

I said the Mormon chief was shrewd—his eye
Was rather set th' expedient to espy—

Means, justifying, in his view, all eads,

Truth growing strong, by fraud, deceit and fiends.

He knew how hope in vulgar bosoms springs,

And grew by cunning, great in little things.

One triumph more!—and he had gained his crown
It was to win—a pious man's renown.

"Contrition”—he resumed the mystic strain—

"O’er whelmed my soul, and filled my teeming brain.
Churches on churches, whirled around my head,

Ages and countries, living—future—dead!

A chaos of dread symbols. Of myself,

And my condition on earth’s fragile shelf,

I even saw no prospect, or retreat,

No safety in mere earth-directed feet,

Or creed or dogma—nor this war to quell,

Aught to redeem from incandescent hell.

“To pray, at length, I went, and in a wood
First gave admittance to a contrite mood.

But not yet versed in using prayer aright,
[Hypocrisy is frugal] drew a flood of light,

And stood within it—angels stood around
And cried—lo! yonder hill is sacred ground,

All sects are veering, wrong, or heterodox,—

Go to the spot, and thou shall find a box—

Dig and reveal! within the sacred space
Thou shall thy Maker’s wilt sublimely trace,

Engraved on golden plates, in language eld,

Such as in Asian temples once was held.

Dig and reveal! nor ploughs nor forests mind!
Thou shall reveal the knowledge lo mankind.”†

Fraud, blasphemy and vice triumphant sprang,

And new fledged Baalim songs? of victory sang.

So Mormon ism rose, but not so died:—

See, to the West extends the gathering tide,

Like some great river of my native land,

That, swelled with floods, sweeps over fields of sand.
Driftwood and rubbish, motley and unclean,

Float on the wave, and crowd the feccant scene,

Till, in vast swamp, it flings the turbid load,

The serpent’s nest, and hydra’s dread abode,

In sweltering heals, the deadly vapors rise,

To taint the air, and man, the victim, dies.

Thus the vile tenet sucks up as it runs,

The intellectual filth of western suns—

The mind’s malaria! sick of wholesome food,

It gluts on lies, hypocrisy and blood.

* The Anabaptist fanatic of Germany, 16th century.

† Vide Pratt for this vision.

Critical Notices. 

The Artist, The Merchant and The Statesman, of the
Age of the Medici, and of our own Times. By C.
Edwards Lester, U. S., Consul at Genoa, Author of
“The Glory and Shame of England," etc. etc. In
Two Volumes. Vol. 1. New- York: Paine A Bur-
gess.

We have been much interested in this volume, and
shall take occasion to speak of it folly hereafter:—at
present it can hardly be considered as before the public.
The contents are ‘‘A Letter on the Genius and Sculp-
tures of Powers”—“An Apology for Powers”—“Conver-
sations with Powers in his Studio at Florence—Serving
as an Autobiography of the Scnlptor—with a History of
his Life and Works”—Tuckerman’s Letter on the
Genins of Powers”—and “A Letter on the Establishment
of a New Consular System in the United States, with
Glances at the Origin and History of the Consular Es-
tablishments of Ancient and Modem Nations—the Evils
of our Present System etc. etc.—Addressed to the Hon.
Wm. W. Campbell, M. C.. from New-York.”

The volume is embellished with a very fine portrait of
Powers.

A Complete System of Latin Prosody, for the use of
Schools, Colleges, and Private Learners; on a plan
entirely New. By Patrick S; Casserly, formerly Prin-
cipal of the Chrestomathic Institutions, etc. etc, New-
York: Casserly & Sons, 108 Nassau St.

Mr. Casserly has acquired a deserved reputation as a
teacher, and as the literal translator of Longinus—also
by his Jacob’s “Greek Reader.” He is undoubtedly one
of our best scholars, and the volume before us will do
him infinite credit. Its comprehensiveness is especially
notables but the author is sadly in error, we think, in
supposing that Latin Prosody, any more than Latin Syn-
tax, can be best studied in Latin rules. We are glad to
find that he has not carried his system so far as to ex-
clude the use of English rules, for those who prefer them.
His Latin Hexameters are translated. The volume is,
in general, accurately printed, but has some errors—vide
p. 13. 1. 7.

Wiley A Putnam's Library of Choice Reading. No. 28.
The English Comic Writers. By William Hazlitt.
From the Third London Edition, Edited by his Son.

This Volume includes Eight Lectures read at the Sur-
rey Institution in 1818. Their titles are—“On Wit and
Humor”—“On Shakspeare and Ben Jonson”—“On Cow-
ley, Butler, Suckling, Etherege, &c.”—“On Wycherley,
Congreve, Vanbrugh, and Farquhar”—“On the English
Novelists”—“On the Works of Hogarth”—and “On the
Comic Writers of the Last Century.”

Wiley A Putnam's Library of Choice Reading. No. 33.
The Vicar of Wakefield. By Oliver Goldsmith.

This edition is a reprint of the one edited by James
Prior, author of “The Life of Goldsmith,” etc. etc. It
is very full in the way of annotations. “The Citizen of
the World” and other Miscellaneous works of Goldsmith,
will succeed it.

Lays for the Sabbath, A Collection of Religious Foe-
try. Compiled by Emily Taylor. Revised, with Addi-
tions, by John Pierpont. Boston : William Crosby A
H. P. Nichols. For sale in New York, by Saxton A
Huntington, 295 Broadway.

This is an American re-print of an admired English
collection. Among the additional pieces inserted by Mr.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

275

Pierpont, are poems by Bryant, Willis, Rockwell, Mrs.
Sigourney, Whittier, Miss M. A. Browne, Percival, Pea-
body, Furness—and Pierpont.

The volume is neatly printed and bound—embellished
with two. steel engravings—and altogether well adapted
for a gift-book.

Elements of Geology: Prepared for the use of Schools
and Colleges. By W. S. W. Kusehenberger, M. D.
Surgeon in the U. S. Navy, etc. From the text of
Milne Edwards and Achille Comté. With Plates.
Philadelphia: Grigg & Elliott.

The text-books of Milne Edwards, Achille Comté, and
F. S. Beudant, have been long celebrated as the best of
their kind, and Dr. Ruschenberger has been very success-
ful in translating, re-arranging and preparing them for
American students. This Geology is one of his “First
Books of Natural History.” It has 300 plates.

The History of an Officer's Widow and her Young Fa-
mily. By Mrs. Hoffland. New-Y.ork: Saxton if Hun-
tington, 295 Broadway.

A re-print of a well-written tale by an author too well
known to need comment.

The Author's Daughter. A Tale. By Mary Howitt.
New-York: Harper if Brothers.

This is No. 63.' of the “ Library of Select Novels”—a
pleasant tale of the daughter of one Mr. Frank Lawford,
who offended his family by three things—by turning au-
thor, adopting liberal opinions in politics, and marrying j
a poor wife. It is written, as Mary Howitt invariably
writes,—well.

The History of St. Giles and St. James. By Douglas
Jerrold. New-York: Burgess if Stringer.

Douglas Jerrold is one of the best of the British Maga-
zinists—and this story is one of his best efforts. No. 2
is issued—at 12 1/2 cts.

The Waverley Novels. By Sir Walter Scott: with the
Author's latest Corrections and Additions, Complete
in 5. Vols, (3340 pp.),for $2,50. Philadelphia: Carey
if Hart.

We have repeatedly called attention to the marvellous
cheapness of this edition. The fifth and last volume is
just issued—for sale in New-York by Burgess, Stringer
&Co. The contents arc The Highland Widow—Two
Drovers—My Aunt Margaret’s Mirror—Tapestried Cham-
ber—The Laird's Jock—Fair Maid of Perth—Anne of
Gjerstein—Count Robert of Paris—Castle Dangerous—
The Surgeon’s Daughter—and A Glossary.

The History of the Consulate and Empire under Napo-
leon. By M. A. Thiers, Late Prime Minister of
France, etc. etc. Translated from the French, with
Notes and Additions, by Henry W. Herbert. Philadel-
phia: Carey if Hart.

This work is to be completed in 10 parts, five of which
are now issued—price 12 1/2 cts. It is published “from
the early sheets received by Carey & Hart in advance of
its publication in Paris.” for sale in New-York by Bur-
gess, Stringer &Co.

Re-publication of the London Lancet— Editor Thomas
Wakely, M. P.—Sub-Editor Henry Bennet, M. D.
New American Series, Vol. 2. So. 5. New-York:
Burgess, Stringer &Co.

Messrs. B.,.S., &Co. have rendered a very important
service (o the medical world of America in the re-publi-

cation of this—the most authoritative medical serial in
existence. The number just out is for November.

Records of the Proceedings and Debates at the Sixty-
First Annual Convention of the Protestant Episcopal
Church in the Diocese of New-York. By Robert A.
West. New-York: Stanford if Swords.

Mr. Robert A. West is well known as the assistant
editor both of the “N. Y. Commercial Advertiser” and
“The Columbian Magazine.”

 Wiley & Putnam's Foreign Library. No. 2. Memoirs
of Benvenuto Cellini. Translated by Roscoe. Vol.

II.

This volume concludes one of the most interesting bi-
ographies ever written.

Hunt's Merchants' Magazine, for November, opens with
an admirable paper, by C. Fenno Hoffman, on “The Po-
etry of Trade.” Its second article is from the pen of H.
Middleton Jr. of S. C., and is Chapter IV. of the thought-
ful series of essays on “The Government and the Cur-
rency,” which have done so much for the character of
the Magazine. Nothing so good, on the same subjects,
has as yet appeared in America. The other papers are
“Trade and Commerce of Mobile”; “The First Coal
Region of Pennsylvania”; “What is a Revenue Tariff?”;

 “Maritime Law—No. 8”; and “Railroad Movement in
Virginia.” The last article is especially important and
interesting. The usual “Commercial Chronicle,” Sta-
tistics, and Book Criticisms, fill up the number, which
altogether is one of the best yet issued.

Of the editor of “The Merchant’s Magazine” we have
more than once expressed our opinion—that he is one of
the most remarkable men of his day; and we have now
lying by us an article from the pen of Willis which
speaks very much to the same purpose. There is not
one of our readers who will not forgive us for quoting it:
Hunt has been glorified in the Hong-kong Gazette, is regularly
complimented by the English mercantile authorities, has every
Banker in the world lor an eager subscriber, every Consul, every
Ship-owner, and Navigator—is filed away as authority in every
library, and thought of, in hall the countries of the world, as early
as No. 3, in their enumeration of distinguished Americans—yet,
who seeks to do him honor in the city he does honor to? The
Merchant’s Magazine, though a prodigy of perseverance and in-
dustry, is not an accidental developement of Hunt’s energies He
has always been singularly sagacious and original in devising new
works and good ones. He was the founder of the first ‘Ladies'
Magazine,’ of the first ‘Children’s Periodical,’ he started the
 American Magazine of Useful and Entertaining Knowledge,’
compiled the best known collection of American Anecdotes, and
is an indefatigable writer—the author, among other things, of
‘Letters about the Hudson.’ A mutual Inend of Hunt and ourself
says of him:—‘His most important labor was the projection and
successful establishment of the ‘Merchant’s Magazine and Com-
mercial Re-view.’ Having had the means of ascertaining the pre-
cise wants of the commercial public, and knowing that almost eve-
ry other class of our population possessed its appropriate work, he
conceived that a magazine and review, devoid to the interests of
that large, wealthy, and respectable class, the merchants—a work
which should be thoroughly practical and national in its character,
embodying commercial matter, literary and statistical, having a
national bearing upon their interests and intelligence, and support-
ed by ripe and disciplined minds, would be a desideratum. This
national work, tending to inform us of the causes which bad acted
upon our trade and commerce in times past, and the expanding
growth of our country, he has at length brought out with full suc-
cess. In his periodical he has opened a new vein of thought, espe-
cially adapted to the peculiar cast of our American minds, and
erected a monument which will endure.’

276

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Hunt was a playfellow of ours in round-jacket days, and we
have always looked at him with a reminiscent interest. Ilis lu-
minous eager eyes, as he goes along the street keenly bent on his
errand, would impress any observer with an idea of his genius and
determination, and we think it is quite time his earnest head was
in the engraver’s hand, and his daily passing-by, a mark for the
digito monstrari. Few more valuable or more note-worthy citizens
arc among us.

“The Merchant’s Magazine” was, indeed, one of those
“happy ideas,” as they are weakly termed, which enter
the heads of men of genius alone. The execution of the
scheme was not less happy than its conception. At the
time, Mr. H. had not only not a dollar, but was much in-
volved. Ilis friends (?) too discouraged him - as friends
in such cases always do. He persevered; made personal
application to those who would understand and appreci-
ate his enterprize; suffered no labor nor repulse to deter
him; and in the end (without embarrassing himself with
a partner) succeeded in establishing on the firmest
basis a Magazine, which, independently of its liter-
ary, or commercial utility, is decidedly the best property
of any similar journal in the world.

The Aristidean, for October, is even unusually rich—
containing some of the most forcible Magazine papers
we have even seen:—for example, “Leaves from a Log-
book”—“The Water Cure”—“The Cobbler of Cobbs-
town”—“Petrus, the Painter”—“Philosophy, a Farce”
“The Siege of Orleans”—and a queer article on “Ameri-
can Poets.” A press of advertisements forces us to post-
pone farther comments until next week.

The American Review, for November, commences with
an able paper on “Human Rights”—a review of Hurl-
but’s Essay—continued from last number. We note, also,
an excellent article on “The French Moralists—La-
bruyerc, Montaigne and Nicole,” also, a continuation of
the spicy “Adventures on the Frontiers of Texas and
Mexico.” There are several other excellent contributions
in prose—including a fair criticism on Mr. Mathews'
book.

There are two remarkably fine poems in the number—
“The True Death,” by Wm. Wallace, and “Elfland,”
anonymous.

The “Critical Notices” are written with point and
discrimination.

The Knickerbocker Magazine, for November, is really
beneath notice and beneath contempt. And yet this
work wa3, at one time, respectable. We should regret,
for the sake of New York literature, that a journal of
this kind should perish, and through sheer imbecility on
the part of its conductors. Its present circulation, we
believe, is not more than 1400 at the most. Its friends
should come to its rescue.

The Fine Arts. 

Under this head we have very little to observe. Titi-
an’s Venus—concerning which we had some remarks in
a previous number—is again being exhibited in Broad-
way. Its authenticity, we believe, is sufficiently well
established—but we cannot force ourselves into any very
enthusiastic admiration of the work. As a composition
it is full of defects. Its color alone redeems it.

We refer our readers to Mr. Lester’s new book, “The
Artist, The Merchant, and The Statesman,” for a great
many interesting details respecting Powers, the Sculptor.

At the rooms of the Art Union there are two very ex-

quisite landscapes by Shaw—an artist whose merits (all
of the loftiest order) will perhaps never be appreciated
 by his countrymen, until Death has mellowed down some
 of the personal ill-will with which his brother artists re-
gard him. His mannerisms (sufficiently obvious) affect
only the aggregate of his pictures. Individually, no-
thing can surpass some of his best works—“The Indian’s
First sight of a Ship,” for example.

Bust or Mr. Calhoun.—Mr. Clark Mills, a native artist,
whose busts in plaster, actually moulded on the human head
and face, have excited such general admiration, by their truth
to life, has recently, as we predicted on a former occasion, made a
successful attempt in a higher branch of art. From a block of
native white free-stone, procured near Columbia in this Slate, he
has sculptnred, with hammer and chisel, a stone bust of the great
Southern Statesman, (his first attempt in this line,) in a manner
that speaks well for the skill and taste of the artist. We propose
that, when completed and approved, the City Council of Charles-
ton should make public property of this likeness of our great na-
tive state-man, hewn, by a native artist, cut of a block of native
stone.—Charleston Cour.

The Drama.

Mr. Murdoch closed his engagement at the Park The-
atre on Friday evening of last week, taking his benefit be-
fore a large audience, playing Macbeth, and Charles Par-
agon in “Perfection." He played, on the Wednesday
previous, Claude Melnotte to an excellent house. These
personations have not dimished the young actor’s hold on
the public favor; tin y have in some respects strength-
ened it, and increased confidence in the extent and vari-
ety of his power. His Macbeth was regarded by many
as his best performance, although for our own part, we
prefer his Othello in the closing act, and various pas-
sages ol great effect in his Claude Melnotte. In all the
range of the drama there is scarcely a part more ar-
duous than that of Macbeth; requiring as it does a con-
stantly sustained power, an aspect of dread and superna-
tural soliciting, and the continuous expression of a spirit
deepening on in crime, wracked with keen agonies at
every step, to the end. Through this severe labour, Mr.
Murdoch made his way, triumphantly: better in some
parts than in others; lingering a little by the way in the
intervals of the greater outbreaks of passion, and not
always keeping himself as close to the work as he should:
failing to intensify each lineament and feature—but leav-
ing in the mind, withal, a conviction that the whole had
been successfully accomplished, by an artist of a high
order of merit. The admirable feeling and expression in
the delivery of some portions of the play we can never
forget. His ‘Wake Duncan with your knocking:' his
heart-broken farewell to ‘Sleep’: his expression of coun-
tenance in the dagger-scene, and the magnificent, rolling
tones of his voice in The multitudinous seas incarna-
dine’ are a part of memory itself.

In Claude Melnotte his description of the palace on
the lake of Como was a master-piece of recitation; his
parting with Pauline, for the army, perfect in the voice
with which he gave it, the gesture that accompanied it,
and the wild eager haste with which he snatched him-
self away. At times in the course of this admirable per-
sonation, it was almost impossible to restrain the enthu-
siasm of the audience; there was a strong desire mani-
fested to call him out in the Third and Fifth Acts, before
the curtain fell. In the little after-piece on his benefit-
night he played the light, dashing, off-hand Paragon
with great spirit, and kept the audience pleased to the
close.

T1IE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

277

At the end of the performances he was summoned before
the curtain and delivered the following speech, which
was rapturously welcomed, and which we place on record
for future reference. We have many reflections spring-
ing from this success of Mr. Murdoch’s, and the new
light it casts upon our present Drama, to lay before our
readers hereafter.

La dies and Gentlemen:

A fortnight since, I appeared a candidate for your approval;
you were pleased to give me your favor; night after night you
have gladdened my heart, by respectful attention and kind ap-
plause.

Though words may fail to express my gratitude, my heart is 
full to overflowing. To the kind friends who have greeted me
here, and to the entire press of this city, I owe my life-long thanks
lor the unanimous and generous support they have given me.

And now, ladies and gentlemen, permit me to address a lew
words to you, upon a subject ever near my own heart, and which 
I am sure finds a corner in the hearts of ail who regard the intel-
lectual development of this land of their birth or of their adop-
tion.	

England, France, and Spain possess a national Drama—which
is their pride and boast—abounding in graphic pictures of national 
character, where all of good, and beamy, and greatness belonging
to a nation is faithfully chronicled.

From certain givings forth of the popular mind, I may venture
to say, that, in the mighty work which the present generation is
destined to perform on this side of the Atlantic, the building up of
a new Drama is a prominent object,—a drama bearing the spirit
of our own common country, marked with the living features of
humanity, and a bold outline of manners as they exist at present,
and as they existed at that period when the founders of a young
republic acted well their part.

“Descended from a land which gave birth to a Shakspeare, what
shall prevent our young writers from moulding into a dramatic
 form the rich materials which lie spread over the “pages of our
common country’s history?”

“Let them begin the work whose end is to raise the genius
and to mend the heart, and a generous public will cheer them on
till they form a centre for the drama, around which higher aspir-
ations shall cluster and shine.

"Hoping that I may live to take part in such scenes, I now,
ladies and gentlemen, bid yon (lor the present) farewell.

“To one and all, I repeat my heart’s thanks and farewell!”

Musical Department.

The two ensuing weeks will be exceedingly rich as
far as Music is concerned.

Leopold De Mever has announced his first Concert for
Friday, the 7th of November. It will take place at the
Tabernacle, and a great many who object to going to
Theatres, will avail themselves of this opportunity, and
listen to the strains of almost supernatural music he
draws out of his splendid Grand Piano. We have not
seen the programme yet, but we trust that Mr. De
Meyer’s selections will satisfy all the lovers of good mu-
sic.

U. C. Hill’s Concert already mentioned in our last,
will be on Monday, the 10th of November, and a rich
bill he offers to the public.

Miss Northall has just returned from a very success-
ful engagement at Toronto. She will sing at Philadel-
phia on the 6th, and be here in time to assist Mr. Leo-
pold De Meyer in his second concert.

Mrs. V. Mott has announced a Grand Concert for
Thursday, the 13th of this month. Mr. Keyle, Mr.
Timm, George Loder and others will assist her on the
occasion.

OLD Bull will probably give another very latt Con-
cert;—urged by many requests for a repetition of his last
Concert, he cannot very well refuse, as the Masonic fra-
ternity have taken all the credit of his last Farewell.

Auber's La Bayadere is drawing crowded houses at
the Park.

Since our last we have heard that the interest for the

' Private Opera is rapidly increasing. We forgot to men-
tion Mr. W. as Primo Basso of the Troupe. We hope
he will excuse us, as it has happened only through a
mistake, which the Evening Gazette has already cor-
rected.

Cheap Music.—Cheap literature is somewhat a stale
 subject with us now, but cheap music has all the advan-
tage of novelty, and it has yet some farther advantages;
for when the novelty is worn off, its excellence and cheap-
ness will still remain. We have before us a book of songs
—six songs—sixteen pages—admirably got up in every
way, printing, paper, selection, and elegance of style, and
sold for the small sum of twenty-five cents! We cannot
understand how the publisher can afford to sell at such a
price, and yet make a living; for this work, unlike the
usual style of stereotype music, is really given to the public
in beautiful form, and of durable materials. It is called the
Musical World and is published on the Island loth of every
month by Homans & Ellis, 205 Broadway, the Editorial
charge being confided to Mr. Henry C. Watson, whose
musical reputation will be security for the excellence of
the contents of the numbers. Besides the music, the
cover contains the Journal of the Musical World, a peri-
odical devoted to musical biography, criticism and intel-
ligence, home and foreign, so that, to use the words of
the Prospectus—the Musical World forms at once a
choice and extensive Library of Music and a Journal of
Musical Events.

The work is certain, from its undoubted worth, to com-
mand the attention of the public, and the sale will be
large, for the demand for music throughout the country is
enormous. We recommend the Musical World to all our
readers. Terms of subscriptions, etc. etc. can be learned
through the advertisements.

Editorial Miscellany.

Martin Farquhar Topper, Mr. Hooker, Wiley &
Putnam, and International Copyright.—The facts in
this case are worth putting upon record as an indication
of the movement in favor of International Copyright.—
They have been brought before the public by Mr. Hook-
er’s publication of a ‘Card’ and the ‘Imprimatur’ of Mr.
Tupper, the book in dispute being the ‘Proverbial Philo-
sophy.’ Mr. Hooker published an edition of this work
before the author was generally known, issued it at a high
price, and it was going off slowly when the author pub-
lished a popular novel, 'The Crock of Gold’, at first re-
issued in America in a shilling edition, and subsequently
included in Messrs. Wiley & Putnam’s Library of Choice
Reading. Mr. Willis also began to write about Mr. Tup-
per, and meeting with him in England, gave a great im-
pulse to his American reputation by telling the people in
his letters that he was a brilliant young man, quite a vi-
gorous plain spoken moralist (as his writings show) and
that he was not at all dependent upon literature as a
profession, being in the enjoyment of a city and country
house, &c. &c: Then it came to pass how under differ-
ent circumstances Pope had spoken a truth of human na-
ture in his couplet—

Let but a Lord once own the happy Days, 

How the wit brightens and the sense refines.

Mr. Tupper was not, indeed, a lord, but the imputation
of wealth scoured the wit and purified the sense just as
well. The public admired wealth, and also showed that
it knew how to appreciate it, in calling for a cheap
edition of the Proverbial Philosophy. A Bostonian wit,
by the way, in a spirit of poetic enthusiasm similar to

278

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

that which once induced a “gentleman of Oxford” to
translate Milton’s Paradise Lost into prose, got up an
edition of the Proverbial Philosophy in prose too, where-
by the printer was cheated out of his “fat” without the
publisher, we presume, dining any better for the opera-
tion, either. Mr. Tupper brandished his 'Imprimatur’
and held on to his price. Messrs. Wiley & Putnam are
urged to print the work in the Library of Choice Read-
ing. Respecting the interests of Mr. Hooker they leave
it alone, when one day, without any previous knowledge
on their part of the fact, an edition appears in exact ac-
cordance with the style of the Library. Then they be-
come the purchasers of the plates, and by an arrange-
ment with Mr. Hooker publish the work in the Libra-
ry by his consent and for his benefit. In the mean time,
however, Mr. Hooker suspecting unjust interference, had
issued his card, and the “Courier” points the gun at
Messrs. Wiley & Putnam. The explanation follows the
charge, and here the matter rests, satisfactorily for all
parties. The public get the book cheap, the piratical
copy is bought up, and is now re-christened and doing
good service for Mr. Hooker and the legitimate trade.

The moral of all this is threefold. First, that there is
no adequate protection for the right of the foreign au-
thor, though it maybe partially defended by the “courte-
sy of trade.” Second, that it is impossible at present to
sustain a book purchased of a foreign author at a price
which Will give him and his American publisher any
adequate return; and third, that the only cure of the
matter must be the passage of an International Copy-
right Law.

Towards this end we have a right, energetic and man-
ly assertion of what should be, by Mr. Tupper in his “Im-
primatur’’, similar in directness to a letter once written
on this subject by Mr. Carlyle; then an eloquent remon-
strance from Mr. Hooker, a divine and publisher, him-
self an author, pledging him to the work, and not least
a recognition by Messrs. Wiley & Putnam of the sacred-
ness of Mr. Hooker’s contract with the author, by their
treaty for the publication of the book.

Tobacco and the Clergy.—The clergy, with most
scholars, are great lovers of the weed. The smoke, they
say, is the best lexicon to the intricacies of an old folio.
One among the number, however, has turned traitor—
the Rev. Benjamin I. Lane—and published his book on
the other side. Per contra, we have according to Mr.
Willis, the ladies assuming the cigar, the coquetry of
the cigarito for the coquetry of the fan. and the follow-
ing piece of poetry, written by a clergyman—argumen-
tum ad hominem to the reverend author. The Morning
News says:

It is fair to set off one divine as authority against another, so we
give a poem, quoted in Washington Irving’s Analectic Magazine
from the European Magazine, of Sept. 1812, the second pan of
which was written by Rev. Ralph Erskine, of the Church of Scot-
land, entitled—

SMOKING SPIRITUALZED.

PART I.

This Indian weed, now wither’d quite,

Though green at noon, cut down at night,

Shows thy decay;

All flesh is hay.

Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

The pipe, so lily-like and weak,

Does thus thy mortal state bespeak,

Thou art e’en such,

Gone with a touch.

Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

And when the smoke ascends on high,

Then thou behold'st the vanity

Of worldly stuff,

Gone, with a puff.

Thus think, and smoke tobacco,

And when the pipe grows foul within,

Think on thy soul defil’d with sin;

For then the fire
It does require.

Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

Thou seest the ashes cast away—

Then to thyself thou mayest say,

That to the dust
Return thou must
Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

part II.

Was this small plant for thee cut down?
So was the plant of Great Renown,

Which mercy sends
For nobler ends.

Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

Doth juice medicinal proceed
From such a naughty foreign weed?
Then what’s the power
Of Jesse’s flower?
Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

The promise, like the pipe, inlays,

And, by the mouth of faith, conveys
What virtue flows
From Sharon’s Rose.

Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

In vain the unlighted pipe you blow;

Your pains in outward means are so;

Till heavenly fire
Your hearts inspire.

Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

The smoke, like burning incense towers,

So should a praying heart of yours,

With ardent cries,

Surmount the skies.

Thus think, and smoke tobacco.

The Country Papers on American Books.—Nearly
every paper which comes to us has some cavil at Ameri-
can books, while the least particle of pretence is nour-
ished and hugged and lionized, if it only come from some
foreign Timothy Twiddlethought. It would be amusing
were it not contemptible. The habit of mind which can
see nothing good at home, whatever hypocritical ardor
may be expressed, we may be confident has no true ap-
preciation of what is good abroad. From the heart out-
ward, from the home outward, from the country outward.
Thus self discipline and self respect teach us to respect
others; the good lather, the good son form the good
citizen, and the love of country expands into the love of
human kind. It is the weakest indication of old woman-
hood to strain the eyes at something from Paris, and turn
up the nose at something, probably better, home-made.

We copy the following just tribute to a man of genius
from the “U. S. Journal.” We attribute it to the pen of
Jesse E. Dow—himself a true poet and a judge of poetry.

Poems, by William Wallace.—We are pleased to learn that
this gentleman has in press a volume of Poems, which will shortly
be issued. This will be a valuable addition to our literature.
Mr. Wallace is a true poet—one who has contributed largely to the
literary reputation of our country. Even his earliest efforts were
crowned with unusual success. A small volume of his poems,
published some six or eight years ago, was received with more
than ordinary applause. Many of the pieces contained in it bore
the stamp of a powerful and fervid imagination, an uncommon
depth of feeling, a profound, metaphysical force of thought, com-
bined with Originality and acuteness of perception. Within the
last three years he has written poetry of sufficient merit to entitle
him to rank with the first poets of the country. "Perditi,” a metri-
cal romance, first published in Graham’s Magazine, contains pas-
sages, which lor forcible delineation of the passions, vigor of lan-
guage, originality of conception, richness of imagery, and true
pathos, will bear comparison with any poetry of the age. What
could be more inspiring than his magnificent picture of the Amer-
ican battle-ship? The lovers immured in the dungeon of Lorra's
halls is equal to any thing from the pen of Maturin. He has now

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

279

a reputation—that reputation is gaining ground—and it will be his
own fault it his name should not occupy a high niche in the temple
of lame. Already he has been placed, by the ablest critic in the
country, in a notice of his poem entitled the “Gods of Old,” on
a footing with Schiller, and pronounced superior to Miss Barrett
in the conception of his subject. This curious metaphysical pro-
duction, so strikingly novel in design and execution, so replete
with bold, piercing and original thoughts, will, we-trust, tie em-
braced In the collection. But of all Mr. Wallace’s efforts,’nothing
has struck us with so much force, as his last, entitled “The
Statuary.” It is, without doubt one of the gems of the age. The
very groundwork is poetry—genuine and original. The execution,
the novelty and beauty of the figures—the boldness, truthfulness,
manliness of the language—the dread magnificence of the pictures
presented to the eye—all are beyond praise. This poem alone
would stamp the author as a man of high and noble aspirations, as
a true poet.

By the way, the Express says, in referring to “The
True Death,”

The poem, the masterly poem of Wallace, The True Death, is
marred by the Tennysonism of its prefix and suffix. It Is a beautiful
performanee, however, and worthy of this impassioned poet.

This is all nonsense—as usual with the "Express.”
No man is freer from Tennysonism, or any other “ism”
than Wallace. We presume The Express alludes to
“mere,” the common property of all mankind.

Messrs. Wiley and Putnam are about to publish, si-
multaneously with the London editions to be issued im-
mediately, the Life and Letters of Thomas Campbell, by
Dr. Beattie, his friend and literary executor: a new and
complete edition of the works of Keats, with a life of
the poet by Monkton Milnes; and a new book by Leigh
Hunt, a companion to “Imagination and Fancy,” entitled
“Wit and Humor.”

The Southern Monthly Magazine published at Charles-
ton, and edited by Mr. Simms, will, we understand, be
merged at the end of the year in the Southern Literary
Messenger, to which journal Mr. Simms will be a con-
stant contributor.

We would call particular attention to the advertise-
ment of the United States Hotel. The establishment is
most admirably conducted by the Proprietor, Mr. Johnson,
and has participated very largely in the extensive trade
of the present season. As a recherche and, at the same
time not expensive Boarding House for genteel families
during the winter, we heartily recommend the United
States.

JOHN ANDERSON & CO.

IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN

CHOICE SEGARS, and Manufacturers of Premium

Tobacco and Snuffs— 2 Wall, and 13 and 15 Duane streets,
New-York.	nov 8-3m 

TO MEDICAL men.

This day published, the London lancet

for November, a Journal of British, Foreign, Medical an,
Chemical Science, Criticism and News—edited by Thomas Wake-
ly, M. P. Surgeon, and Henry Bennett, M. D.

This is the fifth number of the second volume, containing, be-
sides its usual quantity of valuable matter, the 2d Lecture of a se-
ries of Lectures on Organic Chemistry, by Justus Liebig.

Also, four additional Lectures on the Mechanism and Manage-
ment of Natural and Difficult Labors, by Edward W Murphy,
A.M. M J).

Terms—$5 per annum, in advance; single numbers 50 cents,

mailed to any part of the United States, by

BURGESS, STRINGER & CO.

222 Broadway, cor. Ann st.

P. S. —The postage to any distance on the Lancet 6 1/4 cts. 

G. B. CLARKE,

MERCHANT TAILOR, (from Brundage, Broadway)
 No 132 William Street, 3 doors from Fulton, N. Y.
Dress Coat, from $12 to $20 00  Matting amt ramming
Pants,	"	2 50	to 8	 00	|	Dress	Coat, 	from	  $6 00 to 9 00

Vest	"	1 50	to 4	 50	 	Pants,	“	1 50 JO 2 00 I

|	Vests, "	1 50 to 2 00 .

N. B. Seasonable SACK COATS, VESTS, &c. always on 
hand, from $1 50 upwards.	nov8—3m

DENTISTRY.

DOCT. H. E. SCIIOONMAKER, Dental Surgeon, Office 446
Houston St., two doors from Broadway—opposite St. Thomas'
Church.

Doct. S’s experience and skill in his profession, give him con-
fidence in asserting that his operations are unsurpassed by any
Dentist in this city. Dr. S.’s manner of inserting artificial teeth
 varies in many essential points from the usual mode; and his suc-
cess in pleasing all, he is happy to say, has brought him many
difficult cases, which had been unsuccessfully treated by Dentists
 of established professional reputation, and whose prices for the
 same operation were double his own. The object in inserting
artificial teeth is to supply the deficiency occasioned by the loss of
natural teeth, both in regard to utility, comfort in wearing, and
natural appearance. In all these points', Doct S.’s manner is pre-
eminent. His mechanical tact and ingenuity have enabled him to
surmount many obstacles, which have long, with the profession
generally, impeded the path to success in every operation. He
makes use of the best materials in all his operations—and incases
where the gnm has fallen away by absorption, (which is always
the case, more or less, when teeth have been extracted,) which
causes a contraction of the lips and cheeks, the disfigurement of
which cannot be fully obviated without adopting the artificial gums,
which will supply the deficiency, and give to the mouth its usual
redundancy—besides, their beauty and natural appearance, ren-
der detection impossible.

Dr. S. would be happy to refer those who require it, to many of
the best families in this City, in which he has practised.

Ladies who desire it, can have their teeth examined at their re-
sidences, by sending their address as above.	nov. 8—9t

KNOX’S HATS.

THE FALL STYLE OF GENTLEMEN’S HATS are now
ready for the season, 1845, which for lightness and superiority
 of color cannot be surpassed, which is a very important part of the
 hat, retaining the color till it is worn out. Any article sold in this
 establishment is never misrepresented but sold (or what it is. Al-
so the tail style of boy’s and children’s Caps,.of various patterns.
Gentlemen can have their hats made to order in any shape or style
they wish. A full assortment of ladies’ Muffs, of all kinds.

C. KNOX, No. 110 Fulton st.,

_ Nov. 8 3m	between William and Nassau sts.

General Furnishing Hardware, Cutlery, Tools, &c.

OSBORN & LITTLE,

Importers and general Dealers in English, German and
American

HARDWARE, CUTLERY, & C.,

No. 33 FULTON STREET,

between pearl and water streets,

[Where the business has been carried on for Eighty Years past,]

CHARLES OSBORN. 

CHARLES S. LITTLE. 	NEW YORK.

Hardware, Cutlery, Nails, Locks, Latches, Butls, Screws, An-
vils, Vices, Saws, Files, Shovels and Spades, Hollow Ware, Com
and Coffee Mills, Rivets, Pumps, Curriers’ Hones, Crucibles,
Black Lead, Pots, &c. &c. Also Genuine Haarlem Oil. Ameri-
can Coopers and Carpenters Edge Tools, of Albertson’s Conger’s
Barton’s, Horton’s, Gifford’s, and other makers. Also, Cooper’s
Truss Hoops.	nov8—3m

JUST PUBLISHED.

WILEY & PUTNAM’S FORIEGN LIBRARY—No. I.
 The Auto-Biography of Benvenuto Cellini—The complete
and annotated edition ol Roscoe, [in two parts.] 50 cents In
English cloth, by Bradley, 75 cents.

"Cellini was one of the most extraordinary men in an extraor-
dinary age; his life, written by himself, is more amusing than any
novel I know.”—Horace Walpole.

The distinguished eminence of this artist, in the time3 of the
‘old masiers"—the intimacy of Cellini with Michael Angelo, Ti-
tian, and alt the great Italian sculptors and painters of the age;
his connections with Francis I. of France, Emperor Charles V.,
Popes Clement VII and Paul III, the Dukes Alessandro and Cos-
mo of Florence, and with many of the princes, statesmen, com-
manders, and dignified ecclesiastics of that turbulent age, which
called forth all the energies of Europe, and compelled our author
more than once to exchange the chisel lor the sword—these cir-
cumstances afforded him opportunities of making the most inter-
esting observations, and perhaps no man was ever more capable
of availing himself of such advantages.—Roscoe’s Preface.

“This is, perhaps, the most perfect piece of auto-biography that
ever was written, whether considered with reference to the candor
and veracity of the author, the spirit of the incidents, or the creat-
ing vitality of the narrative.  *	* We never, in the whole

course of our life, read a book of a more engaging description.—
Retrospective Review.

Part II —Completing the work, will be ready in a few days.—
WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway, New-York; and all the

booksellers throughout the country.

280

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

PAINE & BURGESS,

6 2 John Street,

WILL PUBLISH IN A FEW DAYS,

THE ARTIST, MERCHANT, AND STATESMAN,
 Part I. This work is made up of the choicest and most ori-
ginal material on Fine Arts, Commerce, and Political Economy,
by C. Edwards Lester.

PRAIRIEDOM; Rambles and Scrambles in Texas or

New Estremadura, by a Southron. 1 vol. l2mo. with a map. “It
is light and vivacious—filled with incident—easy and flowing in
style, and brilliant in imagery.”—Evening Mirror.

THEY ARE PREPARING FOR PUBLICATION,

Songs and Ballads by Gen. G. P. Morris, 32mo. gilt.

Rambles by Land and Water, or Notes of Travel in Cuba and
Mexico, including a canoe voyage up the river ,Panuco, and Re-
searches among the Antiquaries of Taumelipas, by B. M. Norma,

1 vol. 12mo. illustrated.

The Greece of the Greeks, by G. A. Perdicaris, U.S. Consul at
Athens, 2 vols. 12mo. illustrated.

Trippings in Authorland, by Fanny Forrester.

Montezuma, the Last of the Aztecs, an Historical Romance, on
the Conquest of Mexico, by Edward Maturin, 2 vols. 12mo.

“This is an original American work.”

The Prince, by Machiavelli, 1 vol. l2mo.

Man in the Republic, by C. Mathews, 1 vol. 32mo. gilt.

The Old Continental; or the Prince of Liberty—an historical
romance, by the author of the Dutchman’s Fireside,’2 vols. l2mo.
—now ready —

The Medici Series of Italian Prose.

The Autobiography of Alfieri, 1 vol. 12mo. Price 50 cents.

The Secret Thoughts and Actions of Genius, blended with the
wildest adventures and strongest caprices.

The Citizen of a Republic; what are his rights and duties, by
Ansaldo Ceba, 1 vol. 12mo. Price 50 cents.

“A book of condensed and rare thoughts, like diamonds finely
polished and richly set.”

The Challenge of Barlelta, a romance of the Times of the Me-
dici, l vol. 12mo.

“A gem gathered from the jewelled mine of Italian romance.”

The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli, 2 vols. l2mo.

“The charmed records of the classic city of the Arno, by the
master spirit of his age.”	nov 8

NEW WORKS,

TO BE PUBLISHED BY

MESSRS. WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 BROADWAY,

IN THE MONTH OF NOVEMBER.

I.

Western Clearings, by Mrs. C. M. Kirkland, author of “ A New
Home," &c. 1 vol. 16mo. 50 cents.

II.

The Raven and other Poems, by Edgar A. Poe, 1 vol. l6mo. 31 cts.

III.

Vinos and Reviews in American History, Literature, and Fiction,
by W. Gilmore Simms. 1 vol. 16mo.

IV.

Life of the Great Condé, by Lord Mahon, 2 vols. 16mo. 37 1/2
cents each.

v.

Charles Lamb's Specimens of English Dramatic Poets, 2 vols.
16mo. 50 cents each.

VI.

The Rhine, by Victor Hugo.

VII.

Father Ripu's Residence in China, 1 vol. 16mo. 37 1/2 cts.

VIII.

The Fall of the Jesuits, 1 vol. l6mo. 37 1/2 cts.

IX.

Lectures on the English Poets, by Wm. Hazlitt. 1 vol. l6mo.

MARTIN'S ILLUSTRATED EDITION OF THE
FAMILY BIBLE,

By Rev. Alexander Fletcher, D.D.
This DAY, the 1st Nov. will be published Parts 1 to
11—Price 25 cents each. The 11th Part contains a beautiful
Steel Engraving by one of the first London artists, from a splen-
did Painting by "Schopin.” Every Part contains an illustrated
steel engraving, at a cost of not less than $400 each.

1 w nov 8__________________GEO. VIRTUE, 26 John at.

UNITED STATES HOTEL.

THE PROPRIETOR OF THIS HOTEL, desires to return his
thanks to his friends, and the traveling portion of the commu-
nity generally, for the favors which they have bestowed upon him
since he opened his Establishment, and to assure them that he will
spare no exertions to render his House worthy of the patronage of
which he has already received so liberal a share

	H. JOHNSON.

Nov. 8th, 1845.	6m

PENMANSHIP.

RE-OPENING OF GOLDSMITH’S WRITING ACADEMY,
 289 Broadway—La Farge Buildings, corner of Reade street.
Terms reduced to three dollars, and no extra charge.

Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully informs the citizens of New
York and Brooklyn, that his rooms are now open, during the day
and evening, for Pupils and Visitors. Mr. G’s. specimens of
PENMANSHIP

have received the First Premium Five Years, from the American
Institute, and he guarantees to all in TEN EASY AND INTER-
ESTING EXERCISES, a free and elegant style of writing, that
the pupils cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice.

For sale at the Academy GOLDSMITH’S GEMS OF PEN-
MANSHIP.

Ladies’ Class meets daily at 11 o’clock. Gentleman’s day and
evening. See circular.	sl8

PARLOR ORGAN.

A FINE toned Parlor Organ for sale or in exchange for a Pia-
no-Forte. Apply to

3w___________________EZRA COLLIER, 103 Fulton st.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER, 88, 90, and 92
 Walker street, near Elm. A large slock of the finest instru-
ments always on hand. Terms moderate. For Sale—A splendid
Harp, nearly new—to be sold at a great bargain for cash.

J. BALLARD,

PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR, SINGING AND FLUTE.

______________No. 135 Spring-street.

JOHN BURFORD,

PORTRAIT AND LANDSCAPE PAINTER,

_________ 27 Dey Street.

JOHN N. GENIN,

FASHIONABLE HAT AND CAP ESTABLISHMENT,
________________ 214 Broadway.

piano fortes.

CHEAP FOR CASH.—The Subscribers have on band a
handsome assortment, 6, 6 1/2, and 7 octave mahogany and rose-
wood Pianos, which they will warrant and sell low lor cash or ap-
proved paper.	GLENN, ROGERS & CO.,

____	Manufacturers, 152 Fulton street, east of Broadway.

WEDDING, VISITING, & PROFESSIONAL CARDS
 Engraved and Printed at VALENTINE’S, 1 Beekman-st.
Lovejoy’s Hotel.

G. H. DERWORT,

PROFESSOR OF SINGING, GUITAR AND PIANO
Forte, has opened a class lor Young Ladies, from 7 to 10 years
of age, among whom arc three of his own daughters, whom he
proposes to instruct thoroughly in the art of Singing.

Mr. Derwort’s system is the result of many years’ observation
and experience, during which he has successfully taught in Ger-
many, Loudon and New-York. His method cannot fail to imparl
to his pupil a clear perception and a thorough knowledge of the
gramatical principles of music with the ability tu harmonize any
simple given melody.

Parents and guardians are invited to call at his Rooms, 427
Broadway, when every enquiry will be answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in advance. Lessons
three times per week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

GURNEY'S

PREMIUM DAGUERRIAN GALLERY,
189 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.

PITURES taken at this Establishment are not excelled in this
country—so say his numerous patrons. The public are in-
vited to call and judge for themselves.	o2

CARD OF REMOVAL,

 MR. W. A. KING PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, AND
 Teacher of the Piano Forte and Organ, has removed to the
First House above Twenty-five street, on the Railroad, (4th
Avenue.)	____

SPLENDID FESTIVAL CONCERT.

THE SUBSCRIBER HAS THE PLEASURE OF AN-
nouncing to the Ladies and Gentlemen of the city of N«w
York, that he intends to give a splendid Vocal and Instrumental
Concert, on Monday Evening, the 10th of November, at the Broad-
way Tabernacle, on which occasion he will be assisted by all the
most distinguished professional ability in this city, combined with
the members of the Philharmonic and New York Sacred Music
Societies. Further particulate hereafter.	U. C. HILL.

TliE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

281

HARPER & BROTHERS’ RECENT PUBLICATIONS,

In one splendidly printed volume, with above 1000 engravings.

Sheep Extra.—Price $3 75.

I.

ENCYCLOPAEDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

The wide range of' topics comprised in this valuable publication,
commends it to the attention of an unusually extended class of read-
ers:—to the family circle primarily, the architect, the horticultu-
rist, the cabinet-maker, and others to whom the work addresses
itself. It is undoubtedly by far the best work of reference ever pre-
sented for the use of families. Every housekeeper would find the
work a real treasure.—Globe.

II.

PROFESSOR WHEWELL’S ELEMENTS OF MO-
RALITY.

Two volumes 12mo. extra muslin gilt, 81.-Forming the com-

mencement of

HARPER’S NEW MISCELLANY,

A work of extraordinary merit. It is a thorough discussion of
the fundamental principles of morals, by one of the profoundest
thinkers of the age: and whether his conclusions are adopted or
not, no reader can fail to perceive in any page, the traces of discri-
-mination, thought, and a high moral aim. Its classic purity and
precision of style is also a strong commendation of the work.—Ob-
server.

III.

MORRELL’S AMERICAN SHEPHERD,

Being a complete history of the sheep, with their breeds, man-
agement, diseases, Ac. Illustrated by numerous engravings, 1
vol. 12mo., cloth binding, 81—paper covers 75 cents.

“The above named volume, which is issued under the immedi-
ate sanction of the New Fork State Agricultural Society, is a work
of great practical importance, and contains a prodigious amount of
instructive matter,suited to the farmer, the cattle fattener, the agri-
-culturist and the wool-grower. Every one interested in these de-
partments of commerce would find the work invaluable.”—Evening
Gazelle.

IV.

ILLUSTRATED WANDERING JEW.

In numbers; price 25 cents each. Profusely embellished.

“We think these illustrations evince more vigor, brilliancy, and
effect, than almost any thing of the kind we have yet seen. As the
Harpers publish this revised and elegant edition at such very tri-
-fling charge,we doubt not a prodigious demand will await it from
the public; and it richly merits the largest popularity.”—Evening
Post.

V.

GEN. GREEN’S

TEXAN EXPEDITION AGAINST MIER,
Including the subsequent imprisonment of the author; his suffer-
ings and final escape from the Castle of Perote; with reflections
upon the present political and probable future relations of Texas,
Mexico and the United States, &c. Illustrated by thirteen line en-
gravings. One volume, 8vo. $2.

This stirring narrative of the perilous and heroic exploits of a
small band of patriotic Texans, who won not only laurels by their
prowess, but liberty, is so rife with thrilling interest that it will win

the attention of the public with the fascination of a romance.—
Com. Adv.

VI.

CURIOUS AND UNIQUE WORK.

Now ready, in one beautiful octavo volume, with many Engra-
vings on steel, price $2,

NARRATIVE OF A MISSION TO BOKHARA.

In the year 1843-45, to ascertain the fate of Col. Stoddart and
Capt. Conolly.

By the Rev. Joseph Wolff. LL.D.

“This work has created a prodigious excitement throughout
England: it is unique in its character, as a literary production. It
seems to partake of the features of an autobiography; the narrative
being full of personal detail, description of the perilous adventure
and imminent hazard of the author, in his expedition through the
East. No man living, perhaps, has travelled so extensively as this

celebrated individual, and few could have contributed a more in-
tensely interesting narrative of his experience.

"It will thus be seen that this extraordinary and eccentric man
is admirably qualified to present a transcript of Asiatic Character-
istics,—supplying much that is novel and exceedingly curious
about tribes and nations of which we know so little. To say that
the work is an acceptable addition to the library of travel, is affirm-
ing tar too little of so striking a production: it is a book that ought
to be read and deliberately enjoyed by every intelligent person, for
its quaintness, freshness, and superabounding interest. The work
is elegantly printed as a library book, and adorned by some dozen
curious fac-similes of oriental drawings." —Courier and Enquirer.

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to Du-
bois and Stodart,) No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete
assortment of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of
the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to guarantee for
their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish, and to en-
dure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard prices.
Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on hire.

IMPORTANT WORKS,

RECENTLY published by

J. & H. G. LANGLEY, 8 ASTOR HOUSE.

I.

Von Raumer’s New Work.

America and the American People: being the result of the au-
thor’s recent travels through the United States. Translated from
the German of Frederick Von Raumer, by Professor Wm. W.
Turner. 1 vol. 8 vo. 530 pp. Price $2.

II.

Eliza Cook’s Poetical Works.

New Edition, containing all her recent productions. Edited by
Rufus W. Griswold. 1 vol. 12 mo., illustrated with a Portrait and
twelve exquisite English engravings. Copies in Morocco, super
$3 50—Cloth Gilt, $2 50.

“This is a beautiful volume, splendidly bound, and still more
elegantly illustrated, and combining some of the choicest poems in
the language. The "Old Arm Chair,” is one of the most popular
poems, and has touched the hearts of thousands who never knew
even the name of the author. She writes for the heart, and her
beautiful songs always reach it. The book forms one of the most
elegant holiday presents yet ofl'ered.”— Cour, & Enq.

III.

Miss Barrett’s Poems.

The Drama of Exile, and other Poems, by Elizabeth B. Barrett.
2 vols. 12 mo., elegantly printed.—$3 00.

“Miss Barrett is worth a dozen of Tennyson, and six of Mother-
well—equal perhaps in original genius to Keats and Shelley.—

I here are beauties enough in one of her poems to have made a
fame in Waller’s time.”—Willis' Evening Mirror.

IV.

Gregg’s Santa Fe and the Prairies.

Commerce of the Prairies, or the Journal of a Santa Fe Trader,
the personal observation of a trader, made on eight several ex
ditions across the Great Western Prairies, and during an aim
uninterrupted residence of nine years in Northern Mexico.— Illus-
trated with numerous engravings. New Edition, revised by
Author. By Josiah Gregg. 2 vols. 12 mo. $2 00.

V.

M. DE TOCQUEVILLE’S GREAT WORK.’

Democracy in America, by Alexis De Tocqueville. Third edi-
tion, in 2 vols. 8vo. Corrected and Enlarged, with an Original In-
dex. Translated by Henry Reeve, Esq., with Introductory Pre-
faces, by the Hon. John C. Spencer. Price $4 00 in muslin or
sheep.

“This work is one of the most profound and philosophical ever
written upon the character and institutions of our country.”—
Boston Traveller.

“As a study of political science, this book stands unrivalled in
our times; equally remarkable for lucidity of style, acuteness and
delicacy of reasoning,and tor the moral and intellectual vigor with
which it has been conceived and completed.”—London Times.

VI.

DE TOCQUEVILLE ABRIDGED.

Designed for District School Libraries, Colleges, &c. In accor-
dance with the recommendation of several superintendents of Dis-
trict Schools, the Publishers beg to announce that they have just
issued a condensed edition of the above standard work, adapted ex-
pressly for the use of District Schools, Colleges, 4c., to form 1 vol.
l2mo. Price $1 00.

VII.

The Life of General Francis Marion.

By W. Gilmore Simms, author of “Guy Rivers,” &c. &c.
Seventh edition, revised by the author, with numerous engravings,

1 vol. 12mo.—$1. “Few characters have stood out more boldly
on our Revolutionary Annals, or have supplied more interesting
and exciting materials for the historian, than that of Gen. Marion;
and it is not saying too much to claim for the work before ns no
less the merit of accredited historical truth, than the most stirring
and absorbing attributes of high-wrought fiction.”—Democratic
Retrine.

VIII.

The Poetical Works of Praed.

Lillian, and other Poems, Fanciful and Facetious. By William
Mackworth Poems. First collected edition: Edited by R. W.
Griswold, 1 vol. 12mo., muslin. $1 25.

“Praed was the Poet of Society, 'a fellow of infinite humor,’
and in scholarship and art, surpassed by none of the English poets
of the age. Though many of his pieces have been almost univer-
sally read in this country, they have never yet been printed col-
lectively, either here or in England.”—Democratic Rerinr.

282

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

CATALOGUE OF TEAS,

ON SALE AT THE TEA WA^HOUSE OF THE

PEKIN TEA COMPANY,

Importers of fine Green and Black Teas, No. 75 Fulton-st.
New York.

[The Teas mentioned in this Catalogue are done up in quarter,
half pound, and pound packages—the first, or inside wrapperis lead,
the second wrapper is water proof paper, and the third or outside
wrapper is of Chinese Rice paper. The Company sell none but
good Teas, done up in this superior manner, all of them grown in
the most luxurious districts in China. Country dealers can select
as small a quantity of each kind as they like and have them packed
in one chest. These Teas also Come in five round Chinese pack
ages, called quattoons, a very convenient, fanciful and portable
shape.]

Green Teas:	Black Teas.

Young Hyson, sweet cargo,	50 ouchong, good, full flavor,	38

do.	do.	do. do.	finer 62 1/2	do.	fine,	50

do.	do.	finfer cargo,	75	do	very	superior,	75

do.	do.	extra fine,	87 1/2

do. do. Silver Leaf,	1 00    Souchong, good,	38

Si' ver Leaf.—Seldom	sold,	ovpn|	do.	' extra fine,	50

by largo dealers, because of the

very small profits made on its.        Oolong, strong, flavor fine,	50

sale. Tins is a very superior	Oolong—This tea is a great favor-

tea.	ite and gives universal satisfaction.

do. do. Golden Chop, Plantation

or Garden. growth, 1 50	do.	very fine,	62 1/2

Golden Chop—This is  the	finest	do.	in one pound	and half

Green Tea cultivated	in China.		pound cuiys,extra fine,	75 

It is of the first pickings, and ex

cels all other Green Teas for its       Ne Plus Ultra,	1 50

delicacy of flavor, strength and NE Plus Ultra—This tea is as
aroma. Heretofore this tea has	fragrant and sweet ns a nosegly.

never reached this country, ex-	It yields a perfume that is truly

cept in small lots, as presents to delightful, it is of garden growth, 
importers.	and superior to any thing of the I

Hyson,* very fine,	75	kind ever sold in this country.

do.  Plantation growth, 1 00

Gunpowder,good,	— English Breakfast Tea, very

do. superior, (Read “MON- 	fine, 50

strous fraud” below.) 1 00        do. do. do. in one
do. small leaf, plantation	pound and half pound cat-

growth,	1	25	tys,	62 1/2

 Imperial, gold,	—

do.	brisk and fragrant, [reau	Uowqua's Mixture, a strong and

“monstrous fraud” be-	rich	black tea, Pekoe flavor,	75

low,]	1 00

do curious leaf, very supe-                   Congo, good,	37 1/2

rior,                                1 25           do very fine,	50

Hyson Skin, good, fine flavor,      38              Pekkoe Flowers, good,	87 1/2

do. do. extra fine,                        62 1/2                   do. do. garden growth, 150

*Caution. -Large quantities of Hyson Skin are retailed in
this market as being a Hyson Tea. It is well worth while to com-
pare the Hyson tea usually sold at 75 cents with the genuine arti-
cle that the Company offer at the same price. The difference is so
perceptible on trial as to render any further comment unnecessary.

Monstrous Fraud.—Gunpowder and Imperial Teas cannot be
retailed by small dealers, in this country, at 75 cents per pound,
because they frequently cost that money in China, and no Importer
in this city can sell good Gunpowder or Imperial Tea at a less
price than 75 cents per pound by the hundred packages T. F.
Davies, Esq., in his interesting work on China, details the manner
in which he saw the lowest grades of Black Teas manufactured
and colored with Prussian Blue, so as to closely imitate Gunpow-
der and Imperial Teas, and adds, the Prussian Blue being a com-
bination of Prussic Acid with Iron, is of course a dangerous poi-
son. Let purchasers therefore beware of adulterated teas, and
deal with those venders whose characters and resources raise them
above suspicion. Beware of the Gunpowder and Imperial Teas 
retailed at 75 cents per pound, and compare them with the genuine 
article sold by the Pekin Tea Company No one, it is presumed,
wishes to drink poison. The Company have published a book,
giving full details on this subject, which may be ban at their
Warehouse, 75 Fulton street, tree of charge.

RECOMMENDATIONS.

We drink Green Tea, and for many years have been paying one dollar per
pound for it. But thanks to the Pekin Tea Company, we now get a better tea
from them nt 75 cents per pound. We drink one pound per week by which
we are now saving thirteen dollars per year, arid enjoying better tea in the
bargain. Commend us to the Pekin Tea Company, say we—Mirror.

The Pekin Tea,Company, 75 Fulton street,  are performing a great and good
work, and will, in a few years, beyond all doubt, drive all the poor teas which
have deluged this country, Mid defrauded consumers of the article, out of the
market. They import none but pure and fragrant teas, and retail them by the
single pound at wholesale prices. Families are always sure of obtaining good
teas at this great tea warehouse, in quantities to suit their convenience, and at
the same price that the merchant pays who buys to sell again.—Daily True
Sun.

You may be sure of obtaining at all times, pure and highly flavored teas, by
the single pound, at wholesale prices, of the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton
street—They have probably the largest stock, and greatest variety of fine 
green and black teas, of any one establishment in the United States They 
are doing a large business, and a great benefit to consumers of tea —Atlas.

Heretofore it has been very difficult, indeed impossible, to always obtain
good green and black teas. But now you have only to visit the ware rooms of
the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street, to obtain as delicious and fragrant
teas as you could want for.— Daily Sun.

If any of our readers desire to have good tea, they can obtain it of the Pekin
Tea Company, 75 Fulton street.— Mercury.

A Word to Tea Drinkers.—The Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street, 

have imported into this market some five hundred thousand dollars worth of
the finest grades of Green and Black Teas grown in the Celestial Empire, done
up in all the various fancy packages that Chinese ingenuity can invent. It is
a privilege to buy teas at this great establishment, and a luxury and comfort
to drink them They sell good teas only, and retail them at wholesale prices.
Country merchant* who wish to always sell good teas can always obtain them
at this place, on reasonable terms.—Emporium.

The Pekin Tea Company—We very cheerfully call the attention of all
lovers of pure and fragrant Teas, both in town and country, to the great Tea
warehouse of this Company. Our long acquaintance with the proprietors en-
ables us to bespeak for them the entire confident of the public. We know
that their Teas, both in quality and price, are nil that is stated of them. Many
a lover of the fragrant herb has been compelled to eschew the drinking of Tea
in consequence of its injurious effects, until at length lie has become hopeless
of finding, among any of the imported varieties of Tea in our market a kind
which bad not such an effect. In this, however, such persons will be agree-
ably disappointed. The Pekin Tea Company have commenced the importation
of choice varieties of Garden Teas, of most delicious flavors cultivated and
packed with great care, which have heretofore never been introduced into ibis
country, except as presents to importers. Among these they have an Oolong,
mild as zephyr, and fragrant as a rose, which we especially recommend to all
nervous persons. Its effect upon many of those who have tried it, has been
to make them confirmed tea-drinkers. Ladies who have used it, say they
never before drank such tea. But all tastes can here be suited, wish the great
advantage over other stores of getting a pure article at wholesale price, how-
ever small the quantity- The Company’s Warehouse is at 75 Fulton street.—
New World.

Tea.—The Pekin Tea Company, No 75 Fulton street, unquestionably sell
the best teas imported into this market. That they sell them cheaper than any
other establishment, is a fact proven in a thousand instances since they have
opened their store.

We would advise our friends to call at this place, and if they don’t wish to
buy at least to obtain a little pamphlet, kept on their counter, entitled "Hints
to Tea-Drinkers,” and therefrom learn a little useful information on the subject.

The pamphlet is given gratis.—Anglo American.

The finest specimens of green and black teas ever sold in this country, are
imported by the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street. Those who want good
teas at reasonable prices, can always get them there.—Tribune.

We have tried the teas imported by the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street,
and if we live will try them often. They are selling the most delicious teas
we ever drank, and retail them at wholesale prices.—Evening Post. oct8

PIANO FORTES.

V F. HARRISON, 23 CANAL STREET, N. Y.—In-
struments made with the most recent improvement, such as
Iron Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are
made from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most
faithful workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the busi-
ness.

N. B.—Wanted a second hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes hired by the month.

ÆOLIAN ATTACHMENT.

Hermann s. saroni, professor of music,

116 Leonard street, New-York, tenches the Piano-Font, with
 or without Coleman’s celebrated Attachment.

PIANO FORTES.

IT WORCESTER, No. 139 THIRD AVENUE, COR-
ner of 14th Street, respectfully informs his friends and the
public, that he has a good assortment of Piano-Fortes, in Hose-
wood and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons wishing
to purchase will find it to their advantage to call and examine be-
fore purchasing elsewhere.



To the Public.—Edgar A. Poe, Esq. having purchased my interest in “The Broadway Journal,” is now sole
proprietor of the same. All persons indebted to the pa-
per will please make settlement with him.

John Bisco.

New-York Oct. 24, 1845.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL:

Edgar A. Poe,	Editor and Proprietor,

IS PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY—OFFICE 135 NASSAU ST. 

TERMS THREE DOLLAR* PER ANNUM—SINGLE NUMBERS SIX AND A QUARTER CTS.

THE Broadway Journal is, in its general character, a literary pa-
per: occupying itself with original, and more especially with critical
articles, in every department of Literature, properly so called—with
a preference, nevertheless, for the Belles LETTRES and the
Fine Arts. There is no better medium in the country for
literary or artistical advertisements.

AGENTS:

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.	Thos. H. Pease, New-Haven, Ct.

R. G. H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct.                 J. C. Morgan, New-Orleans

M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.	W. W. Kingsley, New-London, Ct.

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O.	G. N. Beesley, Utica, N.Y.

D. M. Dewey, Rochester, N.Y.	H.B. Stang, Peekskill, N.Y.

J. Robertson, Syracuse, N.Y.	Haliburton & Dudley, Boston, Mass.

W. E. Russell, Schenchady, N.Y.	S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.

Levi Willford, Troy, N.Y.	Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct.

G. Jones, Albany, N.Y.	H. Esten, Providence, R.I.

S. F. Hoyt, Newburgh, N.Y.	Safford & Park, Norwich, Ct.

Shultz & Wylde, Baltimore, Md. 	John Tomlin, P.M. Jackson, Tenn.

Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia	S. Hart, Sen., Charleston, S.C.

Printed at the office of the farmer and mechanic.