THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

VOL. 2.

EDGAR A. POE,

EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.

NO. 25.

NEW- YORK, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1845.

The Office of the Broadway Journal is removed to
304 Broadway, corner of Duane.

To—————————

I saw thee in thy tender, youthful bloom;

Ah! many then there were who loved thee well,

And in thy joy, and grace,

And loveliness rejoiced.

Years since have passed, charged with what freight of gloom!

How art thou changed! pale, woe-worn, hopeless, sad—

Amid the dismal wreck
Lives nought but cold Despair!

And thou repinest that thou stand’st apart,

Like the tree lightning-blasted; wrung with pain
No sympathy can heal,

No time can e’er assuage.

That life to thee is but a sea of woe,

Where deep unto its deep of sorrow calls,

While others walk a maze
Of flowers, and smiles, and joys!

Look up, thou lone and sorely stricken one!

Look up, thou darling of the Eternal Sire!

More blest a thousand fold
Than they, the idly gay!

For them earth yields her all of bliss; for thee

Kind heaven doth violence to its heart of love;

And Mercy holds thee fast,

Even in her iron bonds;

And wounds thee, lest thou ’scape her jealous care;

And her best gifts—the cross and thorn—bestows.

They dwell within the vale
Where fruits and flowers abound;

Those on Affliction’s high and barren place;

But round about the mount chariots of fire—

Horses of fire—encamp,

To keep thee safe for heaven!

E. F. Ellett.

A Walk to Flatbush.

The earth seems quiet like some docile thing
Obeying the blue beauty of the skies.	Proctor.

On Saturday last, a couple of friends and myself determined to
leave the City with its noise and distraction for a quiet walk
through some of Nature’s gentle scenes. Sincerity, a love for the
country, and a spirit of enjoyment, the power of extracting good
and beauty from the simplest objects, are all that are required in
a companion for a rural walk. I was doubly rich in my two
friends. The one, a young lawyer, was glad enough to escape
from the drudgery of a toilsome profession. His looks brightened
up, good talk flowed freely from his lips, his step was buoyant 
and triumphant, and his cane came down with a ringing sound, 

as we walked through the lovely City of Brooklyn. He was
 humming “Begone dull care.” He is one of those, whose qual-
ities of head and heart but few of his acquaintance appreciate,
for they sink into an absorbent ground of modesty and quiet
manners. He is truthful, has a well regulated mind, he loves a
beautiful landscape and house and grounds, has good taste, is
gentlemanly, plays on several instruments skilfully, and sings
well—enjoys a good story, and will tell an effective one in re-
turn. He laments that the happy days of his boyhood have
passed away, and speaks with rapture of his Saturday holiday
enjoyments, when life’s mere and breathing charm, was sufficient
for his comfort. The other of my companions has written much,
clearly expressed, and with a large portion of bland, heart-easing
philosophy. He is very agreeable, notwithstanding he stutters
somewhat in his eagerness to be delivered of his good sayings.
He has a few choice books, with which he is thoroughly imbued.
There is nothing narrow in his taste. He relishes Hooker, and
is an admirer of John Buncle. He reads novels and sermons, and
finds both admirable. He goes to theatres, concerts, and churches,
and finds them all interesting and instructive. He sometimes in-
dulges himself in imitating Methodist preachers in a stentorian
voice and with uplifted eyes, in a capital style and with great
unction. A ranting actor he does to the life. He loves and is
beloved by children; a sure test of his amiability. He is a great
admirer of Hazlitt, and is alive to the merits of Steele and Addi-
son. He has an old beautiful copy of Walton’s Angler which
he cherishes lovingly. The names of Rubens and Vandyke
sound pleasantly in his ear. He shakes hands heartily in a man-
ner which plainly says, “My dear boy, I am heartily glad to see
you.” Then comes sincere talk, and you hear spoons tinkling in
tumblers, and some old Brandy or Jamaica appears blushingly on
the scene, and then for a walk. He has good sense, a correct
taste, and a straight-forwardness of head and heart which are as
rare as they are delightful. He ought to have a fortune aad
keep open house all the year; it would snow meat and drink.
He sees God’s goodness in the tiny flower and in the giant oak.
He conceives life to be a blessing, and talks not of the sinful
flesh. If there were more of his nature in the world, society
would improve faster than it does.

The morning was clear, the air pure and bracing, and we
went briskly on our winding way. The sun shone brightly
through the few remaining leaves that still clung to the gray
branches; their brethren that had once sparkled with them in
green beauty, when they were refreshed by summer showers,
now lay piled in heaps by the road side, and rustled to our tread.
On the top of one of the hills we had an extensive view of Brook-
lyn, the Narrows, Staten Island, the Jersey shore, and New York;
and in the opposite direction the ocean with its melancholy waste
melted into the sky. Some sheltered fields were still covered
with a tender green. At length, when we reached Flatbush, there
was an exclamation of delight from us all. The houses look
like homes, the abodes of quiet and contentment. They give
one a perfect idea of cleanliness and comfort. A Sabbath silence
brooded over the whole scene. The city, with its cares, and crimes
and pains, was forgotten. We were boys again. A walk through

382

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Flatbush is delightful, for each side of the path is lined with
trees, and it is serpentine. If it looks like fairy land in Novem-
ber, it must be a bower of bliss in “the leafy month of June.”
In front of one of the inns, we saw an old weather-beaten sign,
a lion rampant: we liked the looks of it better than we did those
of its newer and glossier neighbors. We went in, and there

Arrangement neat, and chastest order reign.—Young.

Not a speck of dust was to be seen. Woman’s care, and taste,
were everywhere visible. We were waited upon by a young
woman, neatly attired, and well bred. We determined to dine
there, and when the dinner was prepared we were shown through
rambling rooms to an apartment that we judged to be the sitting-
room of the females of the family. It was well warmed, a cana-
ry bird was bathing himself in the warm sunshine—there was a
piano in the room, and a painting, most likely of sisters, with
sweet eyes and rosy lips was hung over it; there was also an
old-fashioned side-board, and the same scrupulous neatness. The
dinner was excellent and would have sharpened the most fastidi-
ous appetite. After the meal was dispatched, a polite, good-
looking girl procured the key of the piano, and the young lawyer
made it discourse most eloquent music—the tones sank into the
heart, and harmonized with file quiet and orderly spot in which
we were; the sun shed a golden tinge on some vine-leaves by
the window, and the garden paths looked as if the broom had
just passed over them. We felt a delicious repose
A wise man never will be sad;

But neither will sonorous bubbling mirth,

A shallow stream of happiness betray—

Too happy to be sportive, he’s serene.

After luxuriating till warned by the gloaming to depart, we bid
a kind adieu to our fair entertainers and set our faces towards
home. Our way was cheered with conversation about our pleas-
ant ramble, our delicious fare, and the inn, that we all insisted
on never was, and never could be surpassed. The shades of
evening surrounded us before we reached Brooklyn; the air was
still; not a sound was heard, save

The watch-dog’s voice that bay’d the whispering wind.

Arrived home, we rejoiced that the day had passed so happily.

Prosperity to Flatbush, and the inn with the sign of the lion-
rampant.	G. F. D.

Sonnets,

(WRITTEN IN EXILE.)

I.

Man’s heart may change, but Nature’s glory never:

And while the soul’s internal cell is bright,

The cloudless eye lets in the bloom and light
Of earth and heaven, to charm and cheer us ever.

Though youth has vanished like a winding river
Lost in the shadowy woods; and the dear sight
Of native hill and nest-like cottage white,

'Mid breeze-stirred boughs, whose crisp leaves gleam and quiver,
And murmur sea-like sounds, perchance no more
My homeward step shall hasten cheerily.

Yet still I feel as I have felt of yore,

And love this radiant world. Yon clear blue sky—

These gorgeous groves—this flower-enameled floor—

Have deep enchantments for my heart and eye.

II.

Man’s heart may change, but Nature’s glory never;

Though to the sullen gaze of grief the sight
Of sun-illumined skies may seem less bright,

Or gathering clouds less grand, yet she, as ever,

Is lovely or majestic. Though fate sever
The long-linked bonds of love, and all delight
Be lost, as in a sudden starless night,

The radiance may return, if He, the giver
Of peace on earth, vouchsafe the storm to still.

This breast, once shaken with the strife of care,

Is touched with silent joy. The cot—the hill
Beyond the broad blue wave—and faces fair
Are pictured in my dreams; yet scenes that fill
My waking eye can save me from despair.

III.

Man's heart may change, but Nature’s glory never:

Strange features throng around me, and the shore
Is not my fatherland. Yet why deplore
This varied doom? All mortal ties must sever—

The pang is past—and now, with blest endeavor,

I check the rising sigh, and weep no more.

The common earth is here—these crowds adore
That earth’s Creator; and how high soever

O’er other tribes proud England’s hosts may seem,

God’s children, fair or sable, equal find

A father’s love. Then learn, O man, to deem
All difference idle, save of heart or mind—

Thy duty, love—each cause of strife, a dream—

Thy home, the world—thy family, mankind.

D. L. Richardson.

Mystification. 

Slid, if these be your “passados” and “montantes,” I’ll have none
o’them.—Ned Knowles.

The Baron Ritzner Von Jung was of a noble Hungarian family,

I every member of which (at least as far back into antiquity as any
I certain records extend) was more or less remarkable for talent
I of some description,—the majority for that species of grotesquerie
in conception of which Tieck, a scion of the house, has given
some vivid, although by no means the most vivid exemplifications.
My acquaintance with Ritzner commenced at the magnificent
Chateau Jung, into which a train of droll adventures, not to be
made public, threw me during the summer months of the year
18—. Here it was I obtained a place in his regard, and
here, with somewhat more difficulty, a partial insight into his
mental conformation. In later days this insight grew more clear,
as the intimacy which had at first permitted it became more close;

and when, after three years separation, we met at G—————n, I

knew all that it was necessary to know of the character of the
Baron Ritzner Von Jung

I remember the buzz of curiosity which his advent excited with-
in the college precincts on the night of the twenty-fifth of June. I
remember still more distinctly, that while he was pronounced by
all parties at first sight “the most remarkable man in the world,”
no person made any attempt at accounting for this opinion. That
he was unique appeared so undeniable, that it was deemed imper-
tinent to inquire wherein the uniquity consisted. But, letting
this matter pass for the present, I will merely observe that, from
the first moment of his setting foot within the limits of the uni-
versity, he began to exercise over the habits, manners, persons
purses, and propensities of the whole community which surrounded
him, an influence the most extensive and despotic, yet at the
same time the most indefinitive and altogether unaccountable.
Thus the brief period of his residence at the university forms an
era in its annals, and is characterized by all classes of people
appertaining to it or its dependencies as “that very extraordinary
epoch forming the domination of the Baron Ritzner Von Jung.”

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

383

Upon his advent to G——————n, he sought me out in my apart-

ments. He was then of no particular age;—by which I mean
that it was impossible to form a guess respecting his age by any
data personally afforded. He might have been fifteen or fifty,
and was twenty-one years and seven months. He was by no
means a handsome man—perhaps the reverse. The contour of
his face was somewhat angular and harsh. His forehead was
lofty and very fair; his nose a snub; his eyes large, heavy,
glassy and meaningless. About the mouth there was more to be
observed. The lips were gently protruded, and rested the one
upon the other after such fashion that it is impossible to conceive
any, even the most complex, combination of human features, con-
veying so entirely, and so singly, the idea of unmitigated gravity-
solemnity and repose.

It will be perceived, no doubt, from what I have already said,
that the Baron was one of those human anomalies now and then
to be found, who make the science of mystification the study and
the business of their lives. For this science a peculiar turn of
mind gave him instinctively the cue, while his physical appear-
ance afforded him unusual facilities for carrying his projects into

effect. I firmly believe that no student at G——————n, during that

renowned epoch so quaintly termed the domination of the
Baron Ritzner Von Jung, ever rightly entered into the mystery
which overshadowed his character. I truly think that no person
at the university, with the exception of myself, ever suspected
him to be capable of a joke, verbal or practical:—the old bull-dog
at the garden-gate would sooner have been accused,—the ghost of
Heraclitus,—or the wig of the Emeritus Professor of Theology.
This, too, when it was evident that the most egregious and un-
pardonable of all conceivable tricks, whimsicalities, and buffoon-
eries were brought about, if not directly by him, at least plainly
through his intermediate agency or connivance. The beauty, if
I may so call it, of his art mystifique, lay in that consummate
ability (resulting from an almost intuitive knowledge of human
nature, and a most wonderful self-possession,) by means of
which he never failed to make it appear that the drolleries
he was occupied in bringing to a point, arose partly in spite,
and partly in consequence of the laudable efforts he was mak-
ing for their prevention, and for the preservation of the good
order and dignity of Alma Mater. The deep, the poignant, the
overwhelming mortification which, upon each such failure of his
praiseworthy endeavors, would suffuse every lineament of his
countenance, left not the slightest room for doubt of his sincerity
in the bosoms of even his most sceptical companions. The adroit-
ness, too, was no less worthy of observation by which he con-
trived to shift the sense of the grotesque from the creator to the
created—from his own person to the absurdities to which he had
given rise. In no instance before that of which I speak, have I
known the habitual mystific escape the natural consequence of
his manoeuvres—an attachment of the ludicrous to his own char-
acter and person. Continually enveloped in an atmosphere of
whim, my friend appeared to live only for the severities of society;
and not even his own household have for a moment associated
other ideas than those of the rigid and august with the memory
of the Baron Ritzner Von Jung.

During the epoch of his residence at G—————n it really appeared

that the demon of the dolce far niente lay like an incubus upon
the university. Nothing at least, was done, beyond eating and
drinking, and making merry. The apartments of the students
were converted into so many pot-houses, and there was no pot-
house of them all more famous or more frequented than that of
the Baron. Our carousals here were many, and boisterous, and
long, and never unfruitful of events.

Upon one occasion we had protracted our sitting until nearly

daybreak, and an unusual quantity of wine had been drunk.
The company consisted of seven or eight individuals besides the
Baron and myself. Most of these were young men of wealth, of
high connection, of great family pride, and all alive with an ex-
aggerated sense of honor. They abounded in the most ultra
German opinions respecting the duello. To these Quixotic notions
some recent Parisian publications, backed by three or four despe-
rate and fatal recontres at G——————n, had given new vigor and

impulse; and thus the conversation, during the greater part of
the night, had run wild upon the all-engrossing topic of the times.
The Baron, who had been unusually silent and abstracted in the
earlier portion of the evening, at length seemed to be aroused
from his apathy, took a leading part in the discourse, and dwelt
upon the benefits, and more especially upon the beauties, of the
received code of etiquette in passages of arms, with an ardor, an
eloquence, an impressiveness, and an affectionateness of manner,
which elicited the warmest enthusiasm from his hearers in general,
and absolutely staggered even myself, who well knew him to be
at heart a ridiculer of those very points for which he contended,
and especially to hold the entire fanfaronade of duelling etiquette
in the sovereign contempt which it deserves.

Looking around me during a pause in the Baron’s discourse,
(of which, my readers may gather some faint idea when I say
that it bore resemblance to the fervid, chanting, monoto-
nous, yet musical, sermonic manner of Coleridge,) I perceived
symptoms of even more than the general interest in the counte-
nance of one of the party. This gentleman, whom I shall call
Hermann, was an original in every respect—except, perhaps, in
the single particular that he was a very great fool. He contrived
to bear, however, among a particular set at the university, a rep-
utation for deep metaphysical thinking, and, I believe, for some
logical talent. As a duellist he had acquired great renown, even
at G———n. I forget the precise number of victims who had fal-

len at his hands; but they were many. He was a man of cour-
age undoubtedly. But it was upon his minute acquaintance with
the etiquette of the duello, and the nicety of his sense of honor,
that he most especially prided himself. These things were a hob-
by which he rode to the death. To Ritzner, ever upon the look-
out for the grotesque, his peculiarities had for a long time past
afforded food for mystification. Of this, however, I was not
aware; although, in the present instance, I saw clearly that some-
thing of a whimsical nature was upon the tapis with my friend,
and that Hermann was its especial object.

As the former proceeded in his discourse, or rather monologue,
I perceived the excitement of the latter momently increasing. At
length he spoke; offering some objection to a point insisted upon
by R., and giving his reasons in detail. To these the Baron re-
plied at length (still maintaining his exaggerated tone of sentiment)
and concluding, in what I thought very bad taste, with a sarcasm
and a sneer. The hobby of Hermann now took the bit in his
teeth. This I could discern by the studied hair-splitting farrago
of his rejoinder. His last words I distinctly remember. “our
opinions, allow me to say, Baron Von Jung, although in the
main correct, are, in many nice points, discreditable to yourself
and to the university of which you are a member. In a few re-
spects they are even unworthy of serious refutation. I would
say more than this, sir, were it not for the fear of giving you of-
fence (here the speaker smiled blandly,) I would say, sir, that
your opinions are not the opinions to be expected from a gen-
tleman.”

As Hermann completed this equivocal sentence, all eyes were
turned upon the Baron. He became pale, then excessively red,
then, dropping his pocket-handkerchief, stooped to recover it,
when I caught a glimpse of his countenance, while it could be

384

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

seen by no one else at the table. It was radiant with the quiz-zical expression which was its natural character, but which I
had never seen it assume except when we were alone together, J
and when he unbent himself freely. In an instant afterward he
stood erect, confronting Hermann; and so total an alteration of!
countenance in so short a period I certainly never saw before,
For a moment I even fancied that I had misconceived him, and I
that he was in sober earnest. He appeared to be stifling with
passion, and his face was cadaverously white. For a short time
he remained silent, apparently striving to master his emotion.
Having at length seemingly succeeded, he reached a decanter
which stood near him, saying, as he held it firmly clenched—
“The language you have thought proper to employ, Mynheer
Hermann, in addressing yourself to me, is objectionable in so
many particulars, that I have neither temper nor time for specifi-
cation. That my opinions, however, are not the opinions to be
expected from a gentleman, is an observation so directly offensive
as to allow me but one line of conduct. Some courtesy, never-
theless, is due to the presence of this company, and to yourself,
at this moment, as my guest. You will pardon me, therefore, if,
upon this consideration, I deviate slightly from the general usage
among gentleman in similar cases of personal affront. You will
forgive me for the moderate tax I shall make upon your imagina-
tion, and endeavor to consider, for an instant, the reflection of
your person in yonder mirror as the living Mynheer Hermann him-
self. This being done, there will be no difficulty whatever. I
shall discharge this decanter of wine at your image in yonder
mirror, and thus fulfil all the spirit, if not the exact letter, of re-
sentment for your insult, while the necessity of physical violence
to your real person will be obviated.”

With these words he hurled the decanter, full of wine, against
the mirror which hung directly opposite Hermann; striking the
reflection of his person with great precision, and of course shat-
tering the glass into fragments. The whole company at once
started to their feet, and, with the exception of myself and Ritzner,
took their departure. As Hermann went out, the Baron whis-
pered me that I should follow him and make an offer of my ser-
vices. To this I agreed; not knowing precisely what to make
of so ridiculous a piece of business.

The duellist accepted my aid with his usual stiff and ultra
recherché air, and taking my arm, led me to his apartment. I could
hardly forbear laughing in his face while he proceeded to dicuss,
with the profoundest gravity, what he termed “the refinedly pe-
culiar character” of the insult he had received. After a tiresome
harangue in his ordinary style, he took down from his book-
shelves a number of musty volumes on the subject of the duello,
and entertained me for a long time with their contents; reading
aloud, and commenting earnestly as he read. I can just remem-
ber the titles of some of the works. There were the “Ordonnance
of Philip le Bel on Single Combat;” the “Theatre of Honor,',
by Favyn, and a treatise “On the Permission of Duels,” by An-
diguier. He displayed, also, with much pomposity, Brantome’s
“Memoirs of Duels,” published at Cologne, in 1666, in the types
of Elzevir—a precious and unique vellum-paper volume, with a
fine margin, and bound by Derome. But he requested my atten-
tion particularly, and with an air of mysterious sagacity, to a
thick octavo, written in barbarous Latin by one Hedelin, a French-
man, and having the quaint title, “Duelli Lex scripta, et non;
aliterque. From this he read me one of the drollest chapters in
the world concerning “Injuriæ per applicationem, per construe,
tionem, et per se,” about half of which, he averred, was strictly
applicable to his own “refinedly peculiar” case, although not
one syllable of the whole matter could I understand for the life
of me. Having finished the chapter, he closed the book, and de-

manded what I thought necessary to be done. I replied that I
had entire confidence in his superior delicacy of feeling, and
would abide by what he proposed. With this answer he seemed
flattered, and sat down to write a note to the Baron. It ran thus:

Sir,—My friend, M. P——, will hand you this note. I find

it incumbent upon me to request, at your earliest convenience, an
explanation of this evening’s occurrences at your chambers, In
the event of your declining this request, Mr. P. will be happy to
arrange, with any friend whom you may appoint, the steps pre-
liminary to a meeting.

With sentiments of perfect respect,

Your most humble servant,
Johan Hermann.

To the Baron Ritzner Von Jung,

August 18th, 18—.

Not knowing what better to do, I called upon Ritzner with
this epistle. He bowed as I presented it; then, with a grave coun-
tenance, motioned me to a seat. Having perused the cartel, he
wrote the following reply, which I carried to Hermann.

Sir,

Through our common friend, Mr. P., I have received your
note of this evening. Upon due reflection I frankly admit the
propriety of the explanation you suggest. This being admitted,
I still find great difficulty, (owing to the refinedly peculiar nature
of our disagreement, and of the personal affront offered on my
part,) in so wording what I have to say by way of apology, as
to meet all the minute exigencies, and all the variable shadows
of the case. I have great reliance, however, on that extreme
delicacy of discrimination, in matters appertaining to the rules of
etiquette, for which you have been so long and so preeminently
distinguished. With perfect certainty, therefore, of being com-
prehended, I beg leave, in lieu of offering any sentiments of my
own, to refer you to the opinions of the Sieur Hedelin, as set
forth in the ninth paragraph of the chapter of “Injuriæ per ap-
plicationem, per constructionem, et per se,'' in his “Duelli Lex
scripta, et non; aliterque.’’ The nicety of your discernment in all
the matters here treated, will be sufficient, I am assured, to con-
vince you that the mere circumstance of me referring you to this
admirable passage, ought to satisfy your request, as a man of hon-
or, for explanation.

With sentiments of profound respect,

Your most obedient servant,

Von Jung.

The Herr Johan Hermann.

Avgust 18th, 18—.

Hermann commenced the perusal of this epistle with a scowl,
which, however, was converted into a smile of the most ludicrous
self-complacency as he came to the rigmarole about Injuria per
applicationem, per constructionem, et per se. Having finished read-
ing, he begged me, with the blandest of all possible smiles, to be
seated, while he made reference to the treatise in question. Turn-
ing to the passage specified, he read it with great care to himself,
then closed the book, and desired me, in my character of confi-
dential acquaintance, to express to the Baron Von Jung his exalted
sense of his chivalrous behaviour, and, in that of second, to as-
sure him that the explanation offered was of the fullest, the most
honorable, and the most unequivocally satisfactory nature.

Somewhat amazed at all this, I made my retreat to the Baron.
He seemed to receive Hermann’s amicable letter as a matter of
course, and after a few words of general conversation, went to
an inner room and brought out the everlasting treatise “Duelli

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

385

Lex scripta, et non; aliterque.” He handed me the volume and
asked me to look over some portion of it. I did so, but to little
purpose, not being able to gather the least particle of meaning.
He then took the book himself, and read me a chapter aloud.
To my surprise, what he read proved to be a most horribly ab-
surd account of a duel between two baboons. He now explain-
ed the mystery; showing that the volume, as it appeared prima
facie, was written upon the plan of the nonsense verses of Du
Bartas; that is to say, the language was ingeniously framed so
as to present to the ear all the outward signs of intelligibility,
and even of profundity, while in fact not a shadow of meaning
existed. The key to the whole was found in leaving out every
second and third word alternately, when there appeared a series
of ludicrous quizzes upon single combat as practised in modern
times.

The Baron afterwards informed me that he had purposely
thrown the treatise in Hermann’s way two or three weeks before
the adventure, and that he was satisfied, from the general tenor
of his conversation, that he had studied it with the deepest at-
tention, and firmly believed it to be a work of unusual merit.
Upon this hint he proceeded. Hermann would have die! a thou-
sand deaths rather than acknowledge his inability to understand
anything and everything in the universe that had ever been
written about the duello.	Littleton Barry.

The Invalid. 

She came in Spring, when leaves were green,

And birds sang blithe in bower and tree;

A stranger, but her gentle mien
It was a calm delight to see.

In every motion, grace was hers;

On every feature, sweetness dwelt;

Thoughts soon became her worshipers—

Affections soon before her knelt.

She bloom’d through all the summer days,

As sweetly as the fairest flowers,

And till October’s softening haze

Came with its still and dreamy hours.

So calm the current of her life,

So lovely and serene its flow,

We hardly mark’d the deadly strife
Disease forever kept below.

But Autumn winds grew wild and chill,

And pierced her with their icy breath;

And when the snow on plain and hill
Lay white, she pass’d, and slept in death.

Tones only of immortal birth
Our memory of her voice can stir;

With things too beautiful for earth
Alone do we remember her.

She came in Spring, when leaves were green,

And birds sang blithe in bower and tree,

And flowers sprang up and bloomed between
Low branches and the quickening lea.

The greenness of the leaf is gone,

The beauty of the flower is riven,

The birds to other climes have flown,

And there’s an angel more in Heaven.

W. D. Gallagher.

Critical Notices. 

The Poetical Works of Percy Bysshe Shelley. First American Edi-
tion (Complete); with some remarks on the Poetical Faculty, and
its influence on Human Destiny. Embracing a Biographical
and Critical Notice, by G. G. Foster, New York. J. S. Red-
field, Clinton Hall.

This is a very beautiful edition of a poet whom all poets, and
whom poets only, appreciate. The volume is a pendant of the
Carey’s Dante lately issued by D. Appleton & Co., and includes
750 pages duodecimo—fine type and exquisite paper. It is, as
asserted, a complete edition of the works of the author—rather too
complete, perhaps; for many of the Fragments are utterly desti-
tute of intrinsic value, and have no other interest than what ap-
pertains to them as relics of Shelley. The Biographical and Crit-
ical Notice by Mr. Foster, is well written, (barring a little justi-
fiable furore) and evinces a keen discrimination, and, very espe-
cially, a thorough appreciation of the excellences of the subject of
the memoir. We shall be pardoned for copying some passages
embodying Mr. Foster’s opinions on “The Revolt of Islam”
and affording, also, a fair specimen of his style:

The “Revolt of Islam,” although not admitted by the critics to
be his grandest work, is, in the meaning I attach to poetry, alto-
gether the most important. It is, as it were, the consummation of
himself—the prophecy which he has uttered; and although it con-
tained still more literary errors than have been charged upon it, yet
in this view they would not detract from the importance of it. But
these errors are, for the most part, mere distortions of the critics’
brains, and do not deserve seriously to be alleged against a man who
has shown his right to disregard the apparent and mechanical laws
of poetry, by proving that he has held living communion with the
source whence those laws have been attempted to be drawn. Au-
tumn is a faulty colorist, by all the rules of Dilettantism—and yet
we do not criticise, but admire her pictures. Language is at best
but a dull instrument for Thought to work withal; and if Shelley
has succeeded in producing, as a whole, deeper effects and more
beautiful pictures than others, we will not quarrel with him because
his instinct has developed rules of composition of which our critical
scholarship happened to be ignorant: the great bard of Avon has
been quite annihilated by the critics several times; and yet we have
even forgotten their names, long ago, while we every day bring fresh
worship to his altar—which bears not even a mark of all the critics’
well-filed teeth that have ever nibbled at its base.

The “Revolt of Islam” is written in twelve cantos of Spenserian
stanzas, and was at first to have been called “Laon and Cythna.”
*******

Bold as it is in many of the sentiments, it is a noble monument to
the loftiness of his aims, the brilliancy of his imagination, the
wealth of love in his heart, and the breadth and power of his intel-
lect It is an armory from which the young enthusiasts of many
generations to come may draw their weapons, in the assurance that
they are of tried temper and exquisite polish. We have never read
it without feeling our souls stirred within us as with the sound of a
trumpet—it has enlarged our thoughts, expanded and warmed our
affections, quickened our purposes of good, and filled us with an
unquenchable flame of philanthropy and love. It is almost the only
poem that we can read at all seasons. In those darker moments,
when the sense of misdirected efforts, or the exhaustion of disease,
or the dark and mysterious dread oi some future ill, weighs like an
incubus upon the soul, it is almost the only work, after the gospels,
that furnishes nutriment and solace to our mind. Then, it touches
us with a feeling of universal sympathy. It awakens us to the
broad, deep sorrows of the world, it quickens languid and lagging
resolutiens, it confirms our faith in good, and swells our hearts with
high and bursting hopes. Oh sweet, incomprehensibly sweet, are
the emotions of intense and burning enthusiosm that it kindles!

386

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

The Opal: a Pure Gift for the Holidays—1846. Edited by
John Keese. With illustrations by J. Chapman. New York:
J. C. Riker.

Through neglect, discourtesy, or something else, on the part of
somebody, or perhaps of Nobody—we have received no copy of
this year’s Opal, and have no opportunity, therefore, of speaking
of it in full. In glancing it over we find some very spirited
contributions—by Mrs. Osgood, for example, Miss Lynch, Mrs.
Mowatt, Mrs. Seba Smith, Mrs. Embury, Miss Gould, Tucker-
man, Hoffman, Paulding, Schoolcraft, Whittier, and others. Our
attention is especially arrested by Miss Anne C. Lynch’s
thoughtful and vigorous poem,

BONES IN THE DESERT.

Where plgrims seek the Prophet’s tomb
Across the Arabian waste,

Upon the ever shifting sands,

A fearful path is traced.

Far up to the horizon’s verge,

The traveler sees it rise,

A line of ghastly bones that bleach
Beneath those burning skies.

Across it, tempest and simoom
The desert sands have strewed,

But still that line of spectral white
Forever is renewed.

For while along that burning track
The caravans move on,

Still do the way-worn pilgrims fall,

Ere yet the shrine be won.

There the tired camel lays him down
And shuts his gentle eyes,

And there the fiery rider droops,

Toward Mecca looks and dies.

They fall unheeded from the ranks:—

On sweeps the endless train,

But there to mark the desert path
Their whitening bones remain.

As thus I read the mournful tale
Upon the traveler’s page,

I thought how like the march of life
Is this sad pilgrimage.

For every heart hath some fair dream,

Some object unattained,

And far off in the distance lies
Some Mecca to be gained.

But beauty, manhood, love and power
Go in their morning down,

And longing eyes and outstretched arms
Tell of the goal unwon.

The mighty caravan of life
Above their dust may sweep,

Nor shout, nor trampling feet shall break
The rest of those who sleep.

Oh, fountains that I have not reached,

That gush far off e’en now,

When shall I quench my spirit’s thirst
Where your sweet waters flow?

Oh, Mecca of my life-long dreams,

Cloud-palaces that rise
In that far distance pierced by hope,

When will ye greet mine eyes?

The shadows lengthen towards the East
From the declining sun,

And the pilgrim, as ye still recede,

Sighs for the journey done.

The engravings and general getting-up of “The Opal” are dis-
creditable in the last degree. A more wretched set of mezzotints
we certainly never beheld.

Miscellanies, by William H. Prescott. New York: Harper &

Brothers.

We said a few words, last week, of this admirable collection
of essays, and now take the liberty of extracting some portion of
the interesting paper on the genius of Brockden Brown:

The explication of the mysteries of Wieland naturally suggests
the question how far an author is bound to explain the supernatu-
ralities, if we may so call them, of his fictions; and whether it is
not better, on the whole, to trust to the willing superstition
and credulity of the reader (of which there is perhaps store
enough in almost every bosom, at the present enlightened day
even, for poetical purposes) than to attempt a solution on purely
natural or mechanical principles. It was thought no harm for the
ancients to bring the use of machinery into their epics, and a simi-
lar freedom was conceded to the old English dramatists, whose
ghosts and witches were placed in the much more perilous predica-
ment of being subjected to the scrutiny of the spectator, whose
senses are not near so likely to be duped as the sensitive and excited
imagination of the reader in his solitary chamber. It must be ad-
mitted, however, that the public of those days, when the

Undoubting mind

Believed the magic wonders that were sung,

were admirably seasoned for the action of superstition in all forms,
and furnished, therefore, a most enviable audience for the melo-
dramatic artist, whether dramatist or romance-writer. But all this
is changed. No witches ride the air now-a-days, and fairies no
longer “dance their rounds by the pale moonlight,” as the worthy
Bishop Corbet, indeed, lamented a century and a half ago.

Still it may be allowed, perhaps, if the scene is laid in some re-
mote age or country, to borrow the ancient superstitions of the place
and incorporate them into, or, at least, color the story with them,
without shocking the well-bred prejudices of the modern reader.
Sir Walter Scott has done this with good effect in more than one of
his romances, as every one will readily call to mind. A fine exam-
ple occurs in the Boden Glas apparition in Waverley, which the
great novelist, far from attempting to explain on any philosophical
principles, or even by an intimation of its being the mere creation
of a feverish imagination, lias left as he found it, trusting that the
reader’s poetic feeling will readily accommodate itself to the popular
superstitions of the country he is depicting. This reserve on his
part, indeed, arising from a truly poetic view of the subject, and
an honest reliance on a similar spirit in his reader, has laid him
open, with some matter-of-fact people, to the imputation of not
being wholly untouched himself by the national superstitions. Yet
how much would the whole scene have lost in its permanent effect
if the author had attempted an explanation of the apparition on the
ground of an optical illusion not infrequent among the mountain
mists of the Highlands, or any other of the ingenious solutions so
readily at the command of the thorough-bred story-teller!

It must be acknowledged, however, that this way of solving the
riddles of romance would hardly be admissible in a story drawn
from familiar scenes and situations in modern life, and especially in
our own country. The lights of education are flung too bright and
broad over the land to allow any lurking-hole for the shadows of a
twilight age. So much the worse for the poet and the novelist
Their province must now be confined to poor human nature, with-
out meddling with the “Gorgons and chimeras dire” which floated
through the bewildered brains of our forefathers, at least on the
other aide of the water. At any rate, if a writer, in this broad sun

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

387

shine, ventures on any sort of diablerie he is forced to explain it by
all the thousand contrivances of trap-doors, secret passages, waxen
images, and other make-shifts from the property-room of Mrs. Rad-
cliffe and Company.

Brown, indeed, has resorted to a somewhat higher mode of eluci-
dating his mysteries by a remarkable phenomenon of our nature.
But the misfortune of all these attempts to account for the marvels
of the story by natural or mechanical causes is, that they are very
seldom satisfactory, or competent to their object. This is emi-
nently the case with the ventriloquism in Wieland. Even where
they are competent, it may be doubted whether the reader, who has
suffered his credulous fancy to be entranced by the spell of the
magician, will be gratified to learn, at the end, by what cheap me-
chanical contrivance he has been duped. However this may be, it
is certain that a very unfavorable effect, in another respect, is pro-
duced on his mind, after he is made acquainted with the nature of
the secret spring by which the machinery is played, more especially
when one leading circumstance, like ventriloquism in Wieland, is
made the master-key, as it were, by which all the mysteries are to
be unlocked and opened at once. With this explanation at hand,
it is extremely difficult to rise to that sensation of mysterious awe
and apprehension on which so much of the sublimity and general
effect of the narrative necessarily depends. Instead of such feelings,
the only ones which can enable us to do full justice to the author’s
conceptions, we sometimes, on the contrary, may detect a smile
lurking in the corner of the mouth, as we peruse scenes of positive
power, from the contrast obviously suggested of the impotence of
the apparatus and the portentous character of the results. The
critic, therefore, possessed of the real key to the mysteries of the
story, if he would do justice to his author’s merits, must divest
himself, as it were, of his previous knowledge, by fastening his
attention on the results, to the exclusion of the insignificant means
by which they are achieved. He will not always find this an easy
matter.

The Poems of Alfred B. Street. Complete Edition. New York:

Clark & Austin.

Most of the poems here included, are familiar friends, and we
cordially welcome their re-appearance. A modest Preface says:

The early life of the author was spent in a wild and picturesque re-
gion in the southwestern part of New York—his native state. Apart
from the busy haunts of mankind, his eye was caught by the strongly
marked and beautiful scenes by which he was surrounded: and to the
first impressions thus made may be attributed the fact that his subjects
relate so much to Nature and so little to Man. Instead, therefore, of
aiming to depict the human heart, he has endeavored to sketch (how-
ever rudely and imperfectly) the features of that with which he was
most familiar.

These are the impulsive words of a true poet. Man is, in fact,
only incidentally a poetic theme:—we mean the heart and intel-
lect of Man—matters which the pseudo-transcendentalists of
Frogpondium are perpetually attempting to force into poetry—
with no other object than to impart to their doggrel an air of pro-
fundity.

Mr. Street’s subjects are invariably poetical ones—but they
belong not to the loftiest order. They are descriptive altogether—
not sufficiently ideal. Mr. Bryant seems to have been the model
—although the Beauty of Nature may have been the inspiration.

The volume is a very handsome octavo of 319 pages, and does
credit to the taste and liberality of the publishers.

Hyperion, a Romance. By Henry Wadsworth Longfellow.

Second Edition, Cambridge: John Owen.

This is one of the most tastefully printed books we have seen
for many a year:—a thick duodecimo of 370 pages—delightful
type, unusually good paper—well bound. The work itself is
sufficiently well known. It has all Mr. Longfellow’s distinctive-

ness of thought and manner—is graceful, scholar-like, at times
pointed, and always artistical, but neither original, nor very inter-
estiing. Its tone is a palpable imitation of the German spirit. One
of its marked peculiarities—and an idiosyncrasy, in fact, apper-
taining to all that the author does—is its entire want of suggest-
iveness. The book does not go beyond itself Mr. Longfellow’s
works seem to some minds greater than they are, on account of
their perfection of finish—on account of the thoroughness with
which their designs are carried out. They exhaust limited sub-
jects. His books are books and no more. Those of men of ge-
nius ate books and a dream to boot. These men do not exhaust
their subjects, because their subjects expand with every touch.
The volume is for sale in New York by D. Appleton & Co.

Wiley If Putnam's Library of American Books. No. 10. The
Alps and the Rhine. By J. T. Headley.

This is one of the most entertaining books yet issued in the
American series. The vivacity and blilliant fancy of Headley
throw a charm over all his descriptions—a charm that has all the
effect of novelty—if indeed it is not.

A marked peculiarity of the author is the Irishy abandon or
neck-or-nothingness of his manner. He writes as if he held it a
sin to keep us waiting a moment—either for grammar or any
thing else.

“I have never felt” says his Preface “the need of stronger
Saxon more than when standing amid the chaos of an Alpine
abyss or looking off from the summit of an Alpine peak. Like
the attempt to utter a man’s deepest emotions, words for the time
shock him.”

Why “off?”—is not “from” enough? The “summit of a
peak” is something, we presume, like the end of an extremity.
As for the subsequent sentence, we give it up.

Mr. Headley is only committing a very common error, we
think, in saying: “We get a definite idea of very few things in
the world we have never seen, by mere naked details”—etc., etc.

Here we are forced to say, imprimis, that Mr. H. has really no
reference to things in the world we have never seen—but to
things in the world we have seen. It is not the grammatical con-
struction of the sentence, however, but its philosophy to which
we allude. When details fail to convey distinct impressions, it
is merely because the details themselves are indistinct. But all this
is hypercriticism:—the book is an admirable book, and Mr.
Headley is an admirable man.

Appleton's Literary Miscellany. Nos. 6 and 7. Sketches of Mod-
ern Literature and Eminent Literary Men: Being a Gallery
of Literary Portraits. By George Gilfillan. Reprinted en-
tire from the London Edition. New York: D. Appleton & Co.
This is in all respects a valuable work—containing some of
the most discriminative criticism we have ever read. We refer
especially to a parallel between Shelley and Byron. The por-
traits are those of Shelley, Jeffrey, Godwin, Hazlitt, Bob. Hall,
Chalmers, Carlyle, De Quincy, John Foster, Wilson, Edward
Irving, Landor, Campbell, Brougham, Coleridge, Emerson,
Worsdworth, Pollok, Lamb, Cunningham, Elliott, Keats, Mac-
aulay, Aird, Southey, and Lockhart.

Perhaps the most original and judicious of these sketches is
that of Godwin—a very remarkable man, not even yet thorough-
ly understood.

A Practical Treatise on Healthy Skin: with Rules for the Medi-
cine and Domestic Treatment of Cutaneous Diseases. By Eras-
mus Wilson, F. R. S. etc. Illustrated with six Steel Engrav-
ings. New York D. Appleton & Co.

“In the following pages,” says the author, one of the most

388

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

eminent of British physiologists, “I propose to make my reader
acquainted with the structure and uses of the skin, in the hope
of awaking his attention to the necessity and manner of training
it to the purposes of health. I trust, moreover, by laying down
correct and simple laws, to enable him to comprehend the princi-
ples upon which a sound and effective domestic treatment of its
diseases may be conducted.”

A large duodecimo of 263 pages—in the customary neat style
of the Appletons.

Montezuma, the Last of the Aztecs: An Historical Romance on
the Conquest of Mexico. By Edward Maturin. Two vol-
umes. New York: Paine & Burgess.

In private literary circles there has been much talk about this
novel—the MS. of which, it appears, has either been seen or
heard by a great number of individuals—some of whom abuse,
while others highly commend it. We have not yet had time to
read the volumes, but a glance assures us that (barring a little
Maturinism or Bertramism) they are at least well-written, in the
ordinary sense of the phrase.

Mr. Maturin, it is understood, is the son of the author of Mel-
moth—a very powerful book, beyond doubt.

Chances and Changes; or Life as it is, Illustrated in the History
of a Straw Hat. By Charles Burdett, A. M.. Author of
“ Never too Late,” etc. New York: D. Appleton & Co.

The series of moral tales lately given to the public by Mr.
Burdett have all been well received, and have accomplished a
great deal of good, independently of their interest as fictions.
“ Chances and Changes” is, perhaps, the best of the six yet
published. It is in the manner of “Chrysal or The Adventures
of a Guinea,” and quite as good a book in every respect.

Voltaire and Rousseau against the Atheists; or Essays and De-
tached Passages from those Writers, in Relation to the Being
and Attributes of God. Selected and Translated from the
French, by J. Akerly. New York: Wiley & Putnam.

An openly printed duodecimo of 131 pages, neatly bound. The
intention is, beyond doubt, a commendable one—but we cannot
help regarding the work as one of supererogation. Men deny a
God only with their lips.

Harpers' Illuminated and New Pictorial Bible, No. 45 is issued,
and maintains the high character of the publication.

Graham’s Magazine, for January, has a very rich and tasteful
engraved title-page, from a design by J. McPherson—tasteful at
all points except the centre, which has too much the air of the
label on Day & Martin’s Blacking. The number opens with an
admirable mezzotint by Sartain, and a good line engraving by
Smillie,—subject Washington at Princeton. There is also a
plate of Fashions—two figures—the whole well-drawn, well
arranged and skilfully colored. In a Magazine designed in great
part for ladies, a fashion-plate, such as this, is not only not objec-
tionable, but a valuable addition.

Among the contributors we notice Mrs. Stevens, Mrs. Butler,
Fanny Forrester, Lowell, Eames, Street, Brooks, Chivers, and
others. Lowell has a poem full of nerve and grace. Here is a
magnificent stanza:

Titanic shapes, with faces blank and dun,

Of their old Godhead born,

Gaze on the embers of the sunken sun,

Which they misdeem for morn;

And yet the eternal sorrow
In their unmonarched eyes says day is done,

Without the hope of morrow.

And here a melodious one :

Here, ’mid the bleak waves of our strife and care
Float the green Fortunate Isles,

Where all our hero spirits dwell, and share
Our martyrdoms and toils;

The present moves attended
With all of brave, and excellent, and fair
That made the old time splendid.

The number contains, also, other excellent poetry. We mention,
in especial, the “Proem to the Froissart Ballads”—although this
is strongly tinctured with imitation. For example:

The dappled fawns upon the plains,

The birds that love the upper sky
Lived not in lovelier liberty.

Every one remembers the lines ending
Know no such liberty.

Hunt’s Merchants’ Magazine, for December, is one of the very
best numbers yet issued of the most decidedly useful of American
Magazines. This issue completes the thirteenth volume. The
contents are—The Value and Prospects of Life in the United
States—The Cotton Trade—The System of Mutual Insurance
examined with Reference to the Question of Individual Liability—
Maritime Law, Piracy and Financiering—Electricity as the Cause
of Storms—The March of Our Republic—The Consular System—
Pot and Pearl Ashes—and The Progress of Population in Bos-
ton. Besides these papers we have Mercantile Law Cases—
Commercial Chronicle—Commercial Regulations, etc. etc.—and
several pages of judicious literary criticism. A very commenda-
ble point about this Magazine, is its strict nationality. No sec-
tional bias, of any kind, is apparent. It is addressed emphatically
to the people of the United States.

The Columbian Magazine, for January, is really very credita-
ble to all concerned in its issue. There are two very excellent
mezzotints, one by Doney and one by Sadd—the latter from a
design by Matteson :—subject, a scene from The Pioneers. This
is the first of a series of similar illustrations of American works
of history or fiction.

The contributions are from many of the best of our litterateurs.
Mrs. Osgood, for example, has an article—also Mrs. Ellett, Mrs.
Sigourney, Mrs. Embury, Mrs. Child, Miss Sedgwick, Miss
Gould, Neal, Paulding, Tuckerman, Inman, and others. Miss
Blackwell furnishes both words and music of a very fanciful and
sweet ballad called “Fairy Kandore.”

Sonnet.

Within the world’s dread furnace we are cast—

The furnace seven times heated—but we tread,

By a good angel still accompanied,

The fiery way unscathed, where men, aghast,

Fall powerless before the scorching blast
That toucheth not our garments. We have said,

Not to your idols, but to our God, instead,

We bow. We wake the dulcimer, and fast,

Fanning the ardent air with snowy plumes,

And cheering with sweet words our fainting souls.

On through surrounding flame that none consumes
The angel guideth us among the coals,

Till, like base ore in the alembic tried,

We do come forth the fire, refined and purified.

Marx E. Hewitt.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

389

The Drama.

The most noticeable event in prospectu is the bringing out of
Richard the Third at the Park, by the Keans, immediately upon
their return from Philadelphia. The tragedy, we learn, is to be
produced in a style of splendor and perfection of detail altogether
unexampled in this country. No pains or expense will be spared.
Mr. Simpson will be at an outlay of three thousand dollars, and
Mr. Kean will expend perhaps double that sum—equipping, for
instance, a hundred supernumeraries. All the world will “be
there to see.”

Some of the Charleston papers make allusion to the number
of “communications” sent in to them in praise of “Mr. Crisp
and Mrs. Mowatt”—very properly declining to insert them. We
say “very properly,” for anonymous laudation of this kind, is al-
ways injurious in the end, if not immediately, to the interests of
the party lauded. The public (or at least that portion of it whose
opinion is of any value) have a sad habit of taking it for granted
that the “communications” are the work directly, or indirectly, of
the persons bepuffed. If they be, then, of course, their insertion
is to be regretted on the ground that such attempts at self-praise
are contemptible in the last degree; if they be not, their insertion
is even still more to be regretted, on account of the unjust suspi-
cions inevitably excited.

We present our readers, this week, passages from the
Boston Press, on the Hamlet, Benedick, Claude Melnotte, and
Othello of Mr. Murdoch. We are happy in this matter to
agree with the Bostonians, and to find ourselves sustained so
fully, in the judgment we had occasion to express, on Mr. M’s
appearance before New York audiences.

On Monday evening, we saw Mr. Murdoch’s impersonation of
Hamlet; and we are surely not mistaken when we say it was Mr.
Murdoch’s, for certainly he has drawn on no living actor for any
peculiarity of style or manner in his acting of Hamlet. At the
raising of the curtain he was received with the stormiest applause
we ever saw or heard.

It must have been a moment of intense anxiety, and almost of
overwhelming feeling. Surrounded by warm friends and admirers,
he must have been tried to his utmost “beat.” He was to cast a
new die, and upon its issue depended his fate as an actor; appearing
in a new character, he must have been suspended between hope and
fear to their maddest verge. Through the first and second acts, we
thought he faltered, and seemed oppressed by personal feeling; but
often in the second act he broke through its fetters, and threw his
whole soul into the character. The closing words of this act were
delivered with more triumphant power than we ever had heard
them before. When he exclaimed

The play’s the thing

Wherein I’ll catch the conscience of the king,
we were then fully satisfied that Murdoch was equal to the task he
had undertaken; he had fallen upon a stratagem that would foil the
subtil king, and enmesh him in his own conscience, and it gleamed
from every nerve in the actor. The soliloquy commencing with
‘‘To be, or not to be,” was read with as fine an appreciation of all
the great and pregnant questions therein as we ever heard it, not
excepting even by the elder Kean.

His conception of that part of this drama, we mean his treatment
of Ophelia, was more in accordance with our own views than has
been portrayed by any recent actor, unless Macready. Through his
rigor towards her there seemed to beam a gentleness and affection
truly admirable.

In the dialogue between himself and mother, when he shows the
picture of his father, he was too wild and declamatory. The pas-
sion should be strong, yet subdued. Will he try the value of this
hint?—Boston Post

On Wednesday evening, Mr. Murdoch appeared in the character
of Benedick in that delightful comedy of Shakspeare’s, “Much
Ado About Nothing.” We never saw him in a fitter mood. He
threw an irresistible charm and fascination over the part, which
would have satisfied even the fancy of Shakspeare, had he been
present. All the grace, sprightliness and elegance of a high order
of acting were here exhibited, and we do not believe there is a
better Benedick on the stage. We feel highly gratified to see his
exquisite taste in a wardrobe, and its richness and brilliancy are
unsurpassed.—Daily Times.

Mr. Murdoch was truly successful in the character of Claude.
By nature he is eminently qualified to perform this part. He has
all that exuberance of spirits, that overflowing warmth of heart,
which so well become this humble but aspiring young man, as de-
picted by the pen of Bulwer. In voice and action we readily and
spontaneously exclaim, how “express and admirable.” There is
one charm in the acting of Mr. Murdoch which we could not over-
look; it is the manner in which he constantly wins upon his audi-
tors. He never abates or falls off in fascination, but spell after
spell comes upon them, produced by the witchery of his genius.

We say “genius,” and that after full reflection. An actor who
could thrill the house as he did, near the close of the fourth act,
must be possessed of powers of the first order. It was no idle
declamation, but the outpouring of a heart, strung to the highest
pitch of human passion. He went through the last act with power
and effect. Some passages of the reading were jewels in them-
selves; his picture of his palace was described in the finest orato-
rical voice we ever heard.

Mr. Murdoch's Claude Melnotte is emphatically a fine specimen
of acting; and we are confident that hereafter, before a Boston
audience, he will stand unsurpassed as the representative of that
character.—Evening Transcript.

Mr. Murdoch’s Othello.—The announcement of Mr. Murdoch
in the difficult character of Othello, on Thursday evening, drew
together a very large and fashionable audience to the Athenaeum.

Taken as a whole, Mr. M’s delineation of the character was fine
and impressive, and drew down frequent and enthusiastic applause.
In the earlier parts of the play the tragedian was somewhat re-
served; and his address to the senate lacked dignity and force.
But with this scene closed our dissent from his conception and
delineation. The midnight brawl, rousing the soldier like a trumpet
from his sleep, seemed to awaken all the fire and fervor of the actor.
From that moment he gave himself up to the tide of stormy pas-
sion—of alternate tenderness and hate—doubt and doting—suspi-
cion, revenge and despair, that make up one of the most terribly
truthful characters drawn by the pen of the great dramatist. The
rapid darkling of the noble nature of the Moor—the swift circula-
tion of the poison instilled by the serpent—the fearful menaces—
the wavering purposes—the gathered gloom—the fell revenge, and
the despair more fell yet, of the ruined and betrayed lover and hus-
band, flashed from the eyes, gestures, attitudes and tears of the actor
to the hearts and minds of the entire audience. The furious charge
to Iago—

Villain! be sure thou prov’st my love is false,

with its consecutive passage—the rapturous apostrophe to Desde-
mona—

Excellent wench, &c.,

the heart-broken farewell to all the “pomp, pride and circumstance
of glorious war,” the mingled tenderness, sternness and ruthless-
ness of the murder scene, and the terrible expiation of the crime,
were all the most critical could demand. We know not what future
triumphs Mr. Murdoch has in store, but if he surpasses his
“Othello,” he will indeed enact wonders.—Times.

390

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

The Fine Arts.

Italian Opera in Havana.—Muti had not opened his Opera
House on the 6th instant. He has published his advertisement
concerning the Italian Opera Company. The names of the per-
sons engaged are as follows: Sra. RosinaPicco, Sra. Concepcion
Cirartegui, Sra. Amalia Majocchi, Prima Donnas; Sra. Carolina
Lazzarini, second do. ; Sig. Cirilo Antognini, Sig. Luigi Perozzi,
fieri tenor; Sig. Federico Badialli, second do.; Sig. Pietro Tomassi,
first baritone; Sig. Attilio Valtelina, first basso; Sig. Antonino
Sanquirico, first buffo cariato; Sig. Pietro Candi, second basso;
and six ladies and twelve gentlemen for the choruses. The
Diario says that Sanquirico was daily expected from Europe, and
Perozzi, Tomassi and Candi from Mexico. Borghese alone is
wanted to make it a capital company. When the season termi-
nates in Havana, the whole troupe design coming here, and may
open at Palmo’s in April next.

Balfe’s Opera, "The Bohemian Girl,” has been revived at the
Park. A Mr. Delavanti is an addition to the troupe, and by no
means an objectionable one.

Wallace, the pianist, has composed an Opera, which is nightly
drawing crowded houses in-London. We hope the enterprising
Mr. Seguin will find means to bring it out in this city.

The German Opera, after performing “The Swiss Family”
for one week to empty benches, has bidden us farewell, to rest on
its laurels. The failure of this enterprise is so extraordinary,
that it keeps the brains of many an editor at work to find out
the cause of it. A committee of some of our most respectable
German citizens have taken the matter in hand, and propose to
give us a cycle of the best German Operas. The subscription
lists which are going round, to cover the first expenses, are
rapidly filling up.

Mr. Burke’s Concert, on Tuesday evening last, was attended
by a most fashionable audience. We have heard the gentleman
before, but under such disadvantages that we declined giving an
opinion. We can now safely pronounce him one of the best
violinists that we have ever heard in this country. His tone is
solid and marrowy, his bowing is perfect from the mere saltando
to the staccato, in every manner and shape. He was encored
after every piece, but declined repeating the Capriccio by Vieux
Temps, on account of too great previous exertion.

We cannot say that we are so exceedingly delighted with the
singing of either Mrs. Andrews or Mr. Zander. Mrs. A. has a
quite peculiar voice, or rather half-a-dozen of them combined in
one. Such variety is at times pleasing, but we did not find it so
in either of the pieces which the lady selected. A peculiar turn
was introduced by her at every single cadence, and we regret
exceedingly not having any music type at our command, that we
might have given it (the turn) to our readers. “Mr. L. T. Zan-
der, Vocalist from Boston,” announces on the bill his first appear-
ance in this city. We hope it may be his last.

Mr. Burke introduced in his Melange Brillante all the popular
airs of the day, such as Yankee Doodle, Dandy Jim, Lucy Long,
etc. During the performance of the last, which, by the bye,
had a great deal of bowing, the wire on the G string got loose,
and a passage in Harmonics was spoiled. Many of the audience
expressed their regret at this accident, at the end of the perform-
ance. “There is one consolation,” he observed, “it is not the
only break down in the piece.” Mr. Burke seems to possess a
good-humor, which, combined with his extraordinary talent,
cannot fail to win him hosts of friends and admirers. He goes
to Boston to-morrow, and will return to this city by the 19th of
January, when he will play at the Philharmonic Concert.

“ The Last Supper,” from Leonardo da Vinci, has been en-
graved by A. L. Dick, in the most superb style of the art. It is
a close copy of Raffaelle Morghen’s engraving.

Sonetto .

Degna Madre d’Amor, fulgente Stella,

Emula al Sol, che l’aria illume e’l giorno,

A'questo oscuro, e lasso e vil soggiorno
Donde n’irraggi tu si chiara, e bella?

Forse la Donna mia, forse sei quella
Che solea far di luce il mondo adorno?

E le nebbie, e l’orror, ch' abbiamo intorno
Ne tolgon gli occhi, e l’ alia sua favella?

Oime, ch’ avendo il viver nostro a sdegno,

Come cosa cli’ a noi venne del cielo.

Tornata é a ricovrar l’antica sede;

Ond’ or Hespero, or splendor sol si vede;

Ma di che copre tenebroso velo

La terra, e me, ch’ ogni altra odio, e disdegno.

Giovanni Giudiecione.

Editoral Miscellany

The Broadway Journal may be obtained in the City of New
York of the following agents: Taylor, Astor House; Crosby,
Exchange, William street; Graham, Tribune Buildings; Lock-
wood, Broadway and Grand; and Burgess & Stringer, Ann and
Broadway.

A new volume will commence on Saturday, the tenth of Janu-
ary next. A very few sets of the first volume are still for sale at
the office, 304 Broadway.

Mr. Thomas H. Lane is the only person (beside ourself)
authorized to give receipts or transact business for The Broad-
way Journal. For Prospectus, Terms, etc. see end of the paper.

Dr. Collier, the eminent Mesmerist, has written to us in refer-
ence to the extraordinary case of M. Valdemar. We quote a
portion of his letter:

Boston, December 16,1845.

Dear Sir—Your account of M. Valdemar’s Case has been uni-
versally copied in this city, and has created a very great sensation.
It requires from me no apology, in stating, that I have not the least
doubt of the possibility of such-a phenomenon; for, I did actually
restore to active animation a person who died from excessive drink-
ing of ardent spirits. He was placed in his coffin ready for interment.

You are aware that death very often follows excessive excite-
ment of the nervous system; this arising from the extreme pros-
tration which follows; so that the vital powers have not sufficient
energy to react.

I will give you the detailed account on your reply to this, which
I require for publication, in order to put at rest the growing impres-
sion that your account is merely a splendid creation of your own
brain, not having any truth in fact. My dear sir, I have battled the
storm of public derision too long on the subject of Mesmerism, to
be now found in the rear ranks—though I have not publicly lectured
for more than two years, I have steadily made it a subject of deep
investigation.

I sent the account to my friend Dr. Elliotson of London ; also to
the “Zoist,”—to which journal I have regularly contributed.

Your early reply will oblige, which I will publish, with your
consent, in connection with the case I have referred to. Believe
me yours, most respectfully,

Robert H. Collyer.

Edgar A. Poe, Esq., New York.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

391

We have no doubt that Mr. Collyer is perfectly correct in all
that he says—and all that he desires us to say—but the truth is,
there was a very small modicum of truth in the case of
M. Valdemar—which, in consequence, may be called a hard
case—very hard for M. Valdemar, for Mr. Collyer, and ourselves.
If the story was not true, however, it should have been—and
perhaps “The Zoist” may discover that it is true, after all.

The truly beautiful poem entitled “The Mountains,” and
published in our last Journal, will put every reader in mind of the
terseness and severe beauty of Macaulay’s best ballads—while it
surpasses any of them in grace and imagination. Not for years
has so fine a poem been given to the American public. It is the
composition of Mr. P. P. Cooke of Virginia, author of “Florence
Vane,” “Young Rosalie Lee,” and other exquisitely graceful and
delicate things. Mr. Cooke’s prose, too, is nearly as meritorious
as his poetry.

For the deeply interesting paper “On the Poetical Literature
of Germany,” (also published in our last number,) we are in-
debted to Professor T. L. Tellkampf, of Columbia College, in this
city—brother of the celebrated German poet Adolphus Tellkampf.

The Daily News—Speaking of Dickens’ projected paper, thus
entitled, the correspondent of the Liverpool Chronicle says:

I told you some time ago, if I recollect aright, that a new daily
paper of ultra liberal politics was to be started, with Charles
Dickens as the editor, and his father as field marshal or conductor.
Messrs. Bradbury and Evans, the proprietors of Punch, are the
spirited men ostensibly known in the new paper—that is to be.
A number of “crack” reporters, all short-hand men, of the metro-
politan journals, have been engaged, at salaries of seven, eight
and ten guineas a-week, for three years certain. Dickens is to have
two thousand a year! Jerrold, Mark Lemon, and others of “mark”
and “likelihood,” are to be among the chief writers. There is
plenty of cash in bank, and the parties are all men of undoubted
honor. After a little “hitch,” the effects of which lasted only
twenty-four hours, everything has gone on cheeringly. Charles
Dickens had a dinner party the other day, composed of the principal
lads engaged; each gentleman invited had come with six names for
the future journal: after dinner these were discussed with the
champagne and claret; some of the titles were funny enough, and
your readers must lose a good laugh by my withholding them. By-
general consent, “The Daily News” was adopted. The paper is
to be a rival of the old Whig Morning Chronicle.

A capital of £100,000 was required to commence operations—
so great, in England, is the risk and difficulty of establishing a
daily paper. The first number will be issued on the first day of
the new year. Among the collaborators is “an American gen-
tleman who has acquired much note as a Magazinist,”—possibly
John Neal.

The Boston Post says:

We have just learned of a most flattering compliment that has
been recently paid by a crowned head of Europe to an American
writer, Mr. A. J. Downing, of Highland Gardens, New York, who
published, not long since, a most charming book on landscape
gardening. Mr. Henry Wikoff, who arrived yesterday in the
Acadia, from Liverpool, has brought over with him an autograph
letter from the Queen of Holland, together with a magnificent ruby
ring encircled by three rows of fine diamonds, in acknowledgment
of the pleasure she had derived from the late perusal of Mr. Down-
ing’s book. A compliment like this from a royal personage to an
American author is certainly quite novel, and what enhances its
value is the new mode made choice of. The gift of a jewel is the
familiar form that a crowned head usually selects to express royal
approbation, but it is the first instance of the kind we know of
where an autograph letter was added to give a stronger emphasis to

such a testimonial. We record with great pleasure this marked
compliment to the talents of a fellow countryman, and congratulate
Mr. Wikoff upon his honorable commission.

For our own parts we are glad that Mr. Downing has received
the ring—especially as it consists of diamonds and rubies and
has, therefore, much intrinsic value. We use the words “in-
trinsic value” not rigorously, but in distinction from the facti-
tious value which, in the public eye, appertains to the present as
that of a monarch—and which in our own sincere opinion is pre-
cisely nothing at all—unless, indeed, we are to understand that
the individual monarch, in this case, is a very especial judge of
the merits of a work on “Landscape Gardening.” What we
mean to say, is simply this:—that the value of any approbation,
or any testimony of approbation, for a book, is in the ratio not
of the worldly eminence, but in that of the judgment and good
faith of the person who commends.

The Boston Courier says:

It is with deepest regret that we learn the death of Mrs. Maria
Brooks, the authoress of “Zophiel.” She died on the 11th of Nov.
last, at Matanzas, in the island of Cuba, from the debility conse-
quent upon a severe fit of sickness. Mrs. Brooks was, at the time
of her decease, about fifty years old. She was born at Medford, in
this state, and for a considerable period resided in this city. About
fifteen years ago she visited France and England, and while there
formed many friendships with distinguished persons in both
countries, among others with Lafayette, Wordsworth, and Southey.
Of late years she has resided principally in Matanzas.

Mrs. Brooks was one of the most remarkable women that ever
lived. To great attainments in literature, she joined a powerful and
original genius, and a character of singular energy and individuality.
Both in England and the United States, she has been considered by
all who have read her writings thoughtfully, as unmatched among
poets of her sex. Southey, who superintended the publication of
her “Zophiel,” had the most exalted opinion of her powers, and
pronounced her “the most impassioned and imaginative of all
poetesses.” When “Zophiel” was published, Charles Lamb wrote
to a friend, that Southey was trying to pass off the poem as the pro-
duction of an American woman, as if, he said, “there ever was a
woman capable of writing such a poem.” This is high praise, but
it is borne out by the poem itself. It is one of the few compositions
written during the present century, destined for durable fame. It
is one of the most original, passionate and harmonious works of im-
agination ever conceived—and there breathes through the whole the
vital life of genius. Though it has not been extensively circulated
in the United States, there are very few American productions
which shed so much glory on our literature, or which are so often
quoted abroad as evidences of American genius.

That a mind of so much power and brilliancy should have depart-
ed—that one of the lights of our literature should have been
quenched, we consider an occasion for the most sincere regret. But
the image of that mind, stamped on her productions, will not de-
part. The light that illumines the records of her genius will not
be quenched. Her memory will never return to the dust; her
mind, even on earth, will have no grave and no tomb. Silently and
surely her genius will work its way into the great public heart of
the country, and her fame grow with time. And we cannot con-
ceive of the period when an American, in reviewing the causes
which have conducted to place his country in a proud intellectual
position, and assisted in giving to it the immortality which springs
from literature, shall cease to regard with peculiar gratitude and ad-
miration the name of the authoress of “Zophiel.”

The critic who writes this is somewhat given to excess of en-
thusiasm, and we certainly are very far from agreeing with him
in his opinion that Mrs. Brooks was “considered by all who
have read her writings thoughtfully as unmatched among poets
of her sex.” The author of “Zophiel” was a truly imaginative
poet, but no one, “who read her writings thoughtfully,” would

392

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

think of comparing her with Miss Barrett—or even with Mrs.
Norton. As for Lamb’s pert query—“was there ever a woman
capable of writing such a poem ?”—it merely proves that Lamb
had little understanding of the true nature of Poetry—which, ap-
pealing especially to our sense of Beauty, is, in its very essence,
feminine. If the greatest poems have not been written by wo-
men, it is because, as yet, the greatest poems have not been writ-
ten at all.

To Correspondents.—Many thanks to our friend, W. D. G.
We assure him that our paper has been regularly mailed to the
Gazette. Thanks, also, to A. M. F. and H. T. L.

The Minstrel.

“Einst ist die Lieben.”

Who goes so late through wind and night,

With joyous face and beaming eye,

His step so firm, his heart so light?

Means he, with light guitar, Love’s fate to try?

Ah, youthful bard, trust not the fair!

Their hearts are ever false and vain;

Trust not thine eyes, nor bend thine ear!

Heed not their song, nor wake thy strain!

For woman’s heart will triumph in thy pain.

Away false Doubt! the youth replies,

Damp not thus my soul with sorrow—

True love from thee forever flies—

Thy gloomy past shall be my morrow;

My heart, from thee, no grief shall borrow.

GURNEY’S

PREMIUM DAGUERRIAN GALLERY,

189 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.

PICTURES taken at this Establishment are not excelled in this
country—so say his numerous patrons. The public are invited
to call and judge for themselves.	oct2

DENTISTRY.

DOCT. H. E. SCHOONMAKER, Dental Surgeon, Office, 446
Houston st., two doors from Broadway—opposite St. Thomas’
Church.

Doct. S.’s experience and skill in his profession give him confi-
dence in asserting that his operations are unsurpassed by any Den-
tist in this city. Dr. S.’s manner of inserting artificial teeth varies
in many essential points from the usual mode; and his success in
pleasing all, he is happy to say, has brought him many difficult
cases, which had been unsuccessfully treated by Dentists of estab-
lished professional reputation, and whose prices for the same opera-
tion were double his own. The object in inserting artificial teeth
is to supply the deficiency occasioned by the loss of natural teeth,
both in regard to utility, comfort in wearing, and natural appear-
ance. In all these points, Dr. S.’s manner is pre-eminent. His
mechanical tact and ingenuity have enabled him to surmount many
obstacles, which have long, with the profession generally, impeded
the path to success in every operation. He makes use of the best
materials in all his operations—and in cases where the gum has
fallen away by absorption, (which is always the case, more or less,
when teeth have been extracted,) which causes a contraction of the
lips and cheeks, the disfigurement of which cannot be fully obviated
without adopting the artificial gums, which will supply the de-
ficiency, and give to the mouth its usual redundancy—besides, their
beauty and natural appearance render detection impossible.

Dr. S. would be happy to refer those who require it, to many of
the best families in this City, in which he has practised.

Ladies who desire it, can have their teeth examined at their resi-
dences, by sending their address as above.	nov8—9t

Thus spoke the bard, then woke the lay;

To one he sang, whom Love had given
Again to make men bless the day,

When first he stole to Earth from Heaven,

While joined in her, all grace seemed brighter even.

Now on the winds his sighings rise;

Beneath the lattice sings the Boy,

And upwards turns his tender eyes;

Rise sweetest hopes, and welcome joy,

While thus Love’s songs the gentle hours employ.

But pleads the fond Minstrel in vain
To her heart cold and unfeeling,

Like that grim lake on Italy’s plain
Itself’s waters all concealing
Sinks in the grave its own waves die sealing.

Now colder blew the midnight blast,

Hoarse peal the bells in sullen toll,

The driven snow falls round him fast,

And fly the hopes that filled his soul,

Like the dark clouds that swiftly o’er him roll.

Through the tall and quaint old trees
Down sheds the light its mellowed gleam;

Like silvery moonlit seas,

Or diamond’s glittering beam,

Their snow-hung branches round him shining seem.

Two starry tears in silence fall,

Congealed they fasten on the string
That woke so oft Love’s sweetest call—

No more for thee may lovers sing—

And dead the tones that told their suffering.

Edward Cantwell.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER, 88, 90, and 92 Walker
Street, near Elm. A large stock of the finest instruments
always on hand. Terms moderate. For Sale—a splendid Harp,
nearly new—to be sold at a great bargain for cash.

PENMANSHIP.

Re-opening of goldsmith’s writing academy,

289 Broadway—La Farge Buildings, Corner of Reade street.
Terms reduced to Three Dollars, and no extra charge.

Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully informs the citizens of New
York and Brooklyn, that his rooms are now open, during the day
and evening, for Pupils and Visitors. Mr. G’s. specimens of
PENMANSHIP

have received the First Premium Five Years, from the American
Institute, and he guarantees to all, in TEN EASY AND INTER-
ESTING EXERCISES, a free and elegant style of writing, that
the pupils cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice.

For sale, at the Academy, GOLDSMITH’S GEMS OF PEN-
MANSHIP.

Ladies’ Class meets daily at 11 o’clock. Gentlemen’s day and
evening. See circular.	sl8

WEDDING, VISITING, AND PROFESSIONAL CARDS
Engraved and Printed at VALENTINE’S, 1 Beekman-st.
Lovejoy’s Hotel.

G. B. CLARKE,

MERCHANT TAILOR, (from Brundage, Broadway,) No. 132
William Street, 3 doors from Fulton, N. Y.

Dress Coat, from $12 00 to $20 00 Making and Trimming.
Pants,	“	2 50	to	8	 00	Dress Coat, from $6 00 to $9	 00

Vests,	"	1 50	to	 4 	50	Pants, “	1 	50	 to	 2 	00

Vests, “	1 	50 	to 	2	 00

N. B. Seasonable SACK COATS, VESTS, &c., always on hand,
from $1 50 upwards.	nov8—3m

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

393

NEW BOOKS,	|

TO BE PUBLISHED BY

MESSRS. WILEY & PUTNAM,

IN DECEMBER.

I.

Carlyle’s new Work. The Letters and Speeches of Oliver Crom-
well, with Elucidations, by Thomas Carlyle, in 2 vols. 8 vo., with
Portrait, engraved by F. Hall from an original by Cooper, in the
possession of Archdeacon Berners. Also, 2 vols. 16mo., in the
“Library of Choice Readings.”

II.

Stories from the Italian Poets, being a summary in Prose of the
Poems of Dante, Pulci, Bolardo, Ariosto, and Tasso, with comments
throughout, occasional passages versified, and Critical Notices of
the Lives and Genius of the Authors. By Leigh Hunt, 16mo.

III.

The Book of Christmas. By T. K. Hervey.

IV.

Views and Reviews in American History, Literature, and Art.
By W. Gilmore Simms.

V.

The Alps and the Rhine. By J. T. Headley.

VI.

Mrs. Southey’s Poems. The Birth-day, and other Poems—Sol-
itary Hours. By Caroline Southey, 2 vols. 16mo.—(Shortly.)

VII.

The Author of ‘‘Undine.’’ Theiodolf the Icelander. By La
Motte Fouque, 16mo.

VIII.

Tales from the German of Zschokke, second series. Illumina-
tion ; or, the Sleep Walker—The Broken Cup—Jonathan Frock
— The Involuntary Journey—Leaves from the Journal of a Poor
Curate in Wiltshire. By Parke Godwin.

IX.

The Vicar of Wakefield.—An edition on superior paper, with
choice Illustrations by Mulready.

JUST PUBLISHED.

The Life of the Great Condi. By Lord Mahon, forming Nos.
XXXIV. and XXXV. of “ The Library of Choice Reading.”
dec 4	WILEY & PUTNAM, lGt Broadway.

 PAINE & BURGESS, 62 JOHN STREET^

HAVE lately published—

1.	The Artist, Merchant and Statesman, 2 vols. 12mo.

2.	Trippings in Authorland, by Fanny Forrester, 12mo.

3.	Songs and Ballads, by Geo. P. Morris, 32mo. gilt.

4.	Prariedom; Rambles and Scrambles in Texas, or New Estre-
madura, with a Map, by a Southron, 1 vol. 12mo.

5.	Autobiography of Alfieri, 1 vol. 12mo.

6.	Citizen of a Republic, by Ceba, 1 vol. 12mo.

7.	Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli, 2 vols. 12mo.

8.	Challenge of Barletta, by D’Azeglio, 1 vol. 12mo.

9.	Musical Spelling Book, by E. Ives, 1 vol. 8vo.

10.	Beethoven Collection of Sacred Music.

11.	Rambles by Land and Water, or Notes of Travel in Cuba and
Mexico, elegantly illustrated, by B. M. Norman, 1 vol. 12mo.
NEARLY READY,

1. Montezuma, The Last of the Aztecs; an Historical Ro-
mance on the Conquest of Mexico, by Edward Maturin, 2 vols.
12mo.

2. Morris & Willis’ Library of the Rose and Poetry of Europe
and America, 1 vol. 8vo. An elegant and valuable Gift Book.
3. Old Continental, or the Price of Liberty; by the author
of “Dutchman’s Fireside,” 2 vols. 12mo.

4.	Man in the Republic, by C. Mathews, 32mo. gilt.

5.	Musical ABC, for children, 16mo.

6.	Greece of the Greeks, by G. A. Perdicaris, late U. S. Consul
at Athens, 2 vols. 12mo. illustrated.

7.	Musical Reader, 4to.

8.	The Prince, by Machiavelli, 1 vol. 12mo.

9.	The Musical Wreath, 4to.

10.	Over the Ocean! or Glimpses of Many Lands, by a Lady.

KNOX’S HATS.

THE FALL STYLE OF GENTLEMEN’S HATS are now
ready for the season, 1845, which for lightness and superiority
of color cannot be surpassed—which is a very important part of the
hat, retaining the color till it is worn out Any article sold in this
establishment is never misrepresented but sold for what it is. Also
the Fall style of Boy’s and Children’s Caps, of various patterns.
Gentlemen can have their hats made to order in any shape or style
they wish. A full assortment of Ladies’ Muffs, of all kinds.

C. KNOX, No. 110 Fulton st.

nov 8—3m	between William and Nassau sts.

HUNT’S MERCHANTS’ MAGAZINE

AND

COMMERCIAL REVIEW.

Established July, 1839,

BY FREEMAN HUNT, EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.

PUBLISHED MONTHLY,

At 142 Fulton St., N. York—at $5 00 per annum, in advance.

THE MERCHANTS’ MAGAZINE and COMMERCIAL RE-
VIEW embraces every subject connected with Commerce,
Manufactures and Political Economy, as follows:—Commercial
Legislation; Commercial History and Geography; Mercantile Bi-
ography; Descriptive, Statistical, and Historical Accounts of the
various commodities which form the subject of Mercantile Trans-
actions; Port Charges; Tariffs; Customs and Excise Regulations;
Commercial Statistics of the United States and the different countries
of the world, with which we have intercourse, including their
Physical Character, Population, Productions, Exports, Imports,
Seaports, Monies, Weights, Measures, Finance and Banking As-
sociations, and Enterprises connected with Commerce, embracing
Fisheries, Incorporated Companies, Railroads, Canals, Steamboats,
Docks, Post Offices, &c.; Principles of Commerce, Finance and
Banking with Practical and Historical Details and Illustrations;
Commercial Law, and Mercantile Reports and Descisions of Courts
in the United States and Europe, including, Insurance, Partnership,
Principal and Agent, Bills of Exchange, Sale, Guaranty, Bank-
ruptcy, Shipping and Navigation, &.C., and whatever else should
tend to develop the resources of the country and the world, and
illustrate the various topics bearing upon Commerce and Com-
mercial Literature.

It has been, and will continue to be, the aim of the Editor and
Proprietor of the Merchants’ Magazine, to avoid everything of
a party, political, or sectional bias or bearing, in the conduct of the
work—opening its pages to the free and fair discussion of antago-
nistic doctrines connected with the great interests of Commerce,
Agriculture, Manufactures and the Currency.

 Complete sets of the Merchants’ Magazine, embracing
13 semi-annual volumes, of about 600 large octavo pages each,
bringing it down to December 1845, inclusive, may be obtained at
the Publisher’s Office, 142 Fulton street, New York, at the sub-
scription price.

Publishers of newspapers, in the United States, by giving
this advertisement two or three insertions and remitting Two Dol-
lars to the Proprietor, will be entitled to the Magazine for one
year.

Office of Merchants’ Magazine, Jan. 1846.

Dec. 20.—5t.

JOHN ANDERSON & Co.,

IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN

CHOICE SEGARS, and Manufacturers of Premium Tobacco
and Snuffs—2 Wall, and 13 and 15 Duane streets, New York.

novS—3m

TO MEDICAL MEN.

This day published, the London lancet for No-
vember, a Journal of British, Foreign, Medical and Chemi-
cal Science, Criticism and News—edited by Thomas Wakely, M. P.
Surgeon, and Henry Bennett, M. D.

This is the fifth number of the second volume, containing, besides
its usual quantity of valuable matter, the 2d Lecture of a series of
Lectures on Organic Chemistry, by Justus Liebig.

Also, four additional Lectures on the Mechanism and Manage-
ment of Natural and Difficult Labors, by Edward W. Murphy, A. M.
M. D.

Terms—$5 per annum, in advance; single numbers 50 cents—
mailed to any part of the United States, by

BURGESS, STRINGER & CO.

222 Broadway, corner of Ann st.

P. S.—The postage to any distance on the Lancet is 61 cts.

J. BALLARD,

PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR, SINGING AND FLUTE.
No. 15 Spring street.

UNITED STATES HOTEL.

THE PROPRIETOR OF this HOTEL, desires to return his
thanks to his friends, and the traveling portion of the commu-
nity generally, for the favors which they have bestowed upon him
since he opened his establishment, and to assure them that he will
spare no exertions to render his House worthy of the patronage of
which he has already received so liberal a share.

H. JOHNSON.

Nov. 8th, 1845.	6m

394

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

HARPER &, BROTHERS’ RECENT PUBLI-
CATIONS.

In one splendidly printed volume, wi‘h above 1000 engravings.

Sheep Extra.—Price $3 75.

I.

ENCYCLOPAEDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

“The wide range of topics comprised in this valuable publication,
commends it to the attention of an unusually extended class of read-
ers:—to the family circle primarily, the architect, the horticultu-
rist, the cabinet-maker, and others to whom the work addresses
itself. It is undoubtedly by far the best work of reference ever pre-
sented for the use of families. Every housekeeper would find the
work a real treasure.”—Globe.

II.

PROFESSOR WHEWELL’S ELEMENTS OF MORALITY.
Two volumes 12mo. extra gilt, $1.—Forming the commencement of
HARPERS NEW MISCELLANY.

“A work of extraordinary merit. It is a thorough discussion of the
fundamental principles of morals, by one of the profoundest thinkers
of the age; and whether his conclusions are adopted or not, no
reader can fail to perceive in any page, the traces of discrimination,
thought, and a high moral aim. Its classic purity and precision of
style is also a strong recommendation of the work.”—Observer.

III.

MORRELL’S AMERICAN SHEPHERD;

Being a complete history of the sheep, with their breeds, manage-
ment, diseases, Ac. Illustrated by numerous engravings, 1 vol.
12mo., cloth binding, $1—paper covers 75 cents.

“The above named volume, which is issued under the immediate
sanction of the New-York State Agricultural Society, is a work of
great practical importance, and contains a prodigious amount of
instructive matter, suited to the farmer, the cattle fattener, the
agriculturist and the wool-grower. Every one interested in these
departments of commerce, would find the work invaluable.”—Eve-
ning Gazette.

IV.

ILLUSTRATED WANDERING JEW.

In numbers; price 25 cents each. Profusely embellished.

“We think these illustrations evince more vigor, brilliancy, and
effect, than almost anything of the kind we have yet seen. As the
Harpers publish this revised and elegant edition at such very trifling
charge, we doubt not a prodigious demand will await it from the
public; and it richly merits the largest popularity.”—Ev. Post.

V.

GEN. GREEN’S

TEXAN EXPEDITION AGAINST MIER,

Including the subsequent imprisonment of the author; his suffer-
ings and final escape from the Castle of Perote: with reflections
upon the present political and probable future relations of Texas,
Mexico and the United States, &c. Illustrated by thirteen line en-
gravings. One volume, 8vo. $2.

“This stirring narrative of the perilous and heroic exploits of a
small band of patriotic Texans, who won not only laurels by their
prowess, but liberty, is so rife with thrilling interest that it will
win the attention of the public with the fascination of a romance.”—
Com. Adv.

VI.

CURIOUS AND UNIQUE WORK.

Now ready in one beautiful octavo volume, with many Engravings
on steel. Price, $2.

NARRATIVE OF A MISSION TO BOKHARA,

In the year 1843-45, to ascertain the late of Col. Stoddart and
Capt. Conolly.

By the Rev. Joseph Wolff, LL.D.

“This work has created a prodigious excitement throughout
England; it is unique in its character, as a literary production. It
seems to partake of the features of an autobiography; the narrative
being full of personal detail, description of the perilous adventure
and imminent hazard of the author, in his expedition through the
East. No man living, perhaps, has traveled so extensively as this
celebrated individual, and few could have contributed a more in-
tensely interesting narrative of his experience.

“It will thus be seen that this extraordinary and eccentric man
is admirably qualified to present a transcript of Asiatic Character-
istics,—supplying much that is novel and exceedingly curious about
tribes and nations of which we know so little To say that the
work is an acceptable addition to the library of travel, is affirming
far too little of so striking a production: it is a book that ought to
be read and deliberately enjoyed by every intelligent person, for its
quaintness, freshness, and superabounding interest. The work is
elegantly printed a3 a library book, and adorned by some dozen curi-
ous fac-similes of oriental drawings.”—Courier and Enquirer.

IMPORTANT WORKS.

RECENTLY published by

J. & H. G. LANGLEY, 8 ASTOR HOUSE.

I.

VON RAUMER’S NEW WORK.

America and the American People: being the result of the au-
thor’s recent travels through the United States. Translated from
the German of Frederick Von Raumer, by Professor Wm. W. Tur-
ner. 1 vol. 8vo. 330 pp. Price $2.

II.

ELIZA COOK’S POETICAL WORKS.

New Edition, containing all her recent productions. Edited by
Rufus Griswold. 1 vol. 12 mo., illustrated with a portrait and
twelve exquisite English engravings. Copies in Morocco, super.
$3 50—Cloth Gilt, $2 50.

“This is a beautiful volume, splendidly bound, and still more
elegantly illustrated, and combining some of the choicest poems in
the language. The “Old Arm Chair” is one of the most popular
poems, and has touched the hearts of thousands who never knew
even the name of the author. She writes for the heart, and her
beautiful songs always reach it. The book forms one of the most
elegant holiday presents yet offered.”—Cour. & Enq.

III.

MISS BARRETT’S POEMS.

The Drama of Exile, and other Poems, by Elizabeth B. Barrett,
2vols. 12mo., elegantly printed.—$2 00.

“Miss Barrett is worth a dozen of Tennyson, and six of Mother-
well—equal, perhaps, in original genius, to Keats and Shelley—
There are beauties enough in one of her poems to have made a fame
in Waller’s time.”—Willis' Evening Mirror.

IV.

GREGG’S SANTA FE AND THE PRAIRIES.

Commerce of the Prairies, or the Journal of a Santa Fe Trader.
The personal observation of a trader, made on eight several expe-
ditions across the Great Western Prairies, and during an almost
uninterrupted residence of nine years in Northern Mexico.—Illus-
trated with numerous engravings. New Edition, revised by the
Author. By Josiah Gregg. 2vols. 12mo. $2 00.

V.

M. DE TOCQUEVILLE’S GREAT WORK.

Democracy in America, by Alexis De Tocqueville. Third edi-
tion, in 2 vols. 8vo. Corrected and Enlarged, with an original In-
dex. Translated by Henry Reeve, Esq., with introductory Prefaces,
by the honorable John C. Spencer. Price $4 00 in muslin or sheep.

“This work is one of the most profound and philosophical ever
writen upon the character and institutions of our country.—Boston
Traveler.

“As a study of political science, this book stands unrivaled in
our times; equally remarkable for lucidity of style, acuteness and
delicacy of reasoning, and for the moral and intellectual vigor with
which it has been conceived and completed.”—London Times.

VI.

DE TOCQUEVILLE ABRIDGED.

Designed for District School Libraries, Colleges, &c. In accord-
ance with the recommendation of several superintendents of Dis-
trict Schools, the Publishers beg to announce that they have just
issued a condensed edition of the above standard work, adapted ex-
pressly for the use of District Schools, Colleges, &c., to form 1 vol.
12mo. Price $1 00.

VII.

THE LIFE OF GENERAL FRANCIS MARION.

By W. Gilmore Simms, author of “Guy Rivers.” Sec. tec.
Seventh edition, revised by the author, with numerous engravings,

1 vol. 12mo.—$1.

“Few characters have stood out more boldly on our Revolutionary
Annals, or have supplied more interesting and exciting materials
for the historian than that of Gen. Marion; and it is not saying too
much to claim for the work before us no less the merit of accredited
historical truth, than the most stirring and absorbing attributes of
high-wrought fiction.”—Democratic Review.

VIII.

THE POETICAL WORKS OF PRAED.

Lillian, and other Poems, Fanciful and Facetious. By William
Mackworth Praed. First collected edition. Edited by R. W.
Griswold, 1 vol. 12mo., muslin,. $1 25.

“Praed was the Poet of Society, 'a fellow of infinite humor,’ and
in scholarship and art, surpassed by none of the English poets of
the age. Though many of his pieces have been almost universally
read in this country, they have never yet been printed collectively
either here or in England.”—Democratic Review.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

395

THE SECOND VOLUME OF

THE ARISTIDEAN:

A JOURNAL OF REVIEWS, POLITICS, AND LIGHT LIT-
ERATURE—By Thomas Dunn English, and numerous col-
laborators—commences on the 20th of January, 1840.

The Aristidean is published monthly, each number containing
80 pages, octavo, printed on handsome white paper, with bold, clear
type, at Five Dollars per annum, payable in advance.

The aim of the editor has been to establish a Journal of Art and
Letters, whose papers should be distinguished for force, vigor, sar-
casm and pith, rather than an unutterable and bathetic profundity;
one, which should not fear to expose literary -quackery, and give to
writers a proper precedence; one that had the moral courage to
praise an enemy’s good works, and censure a friend’s bad ones; one
that would maintain a rigorous independence on literary, political
and religious matters; one that would attack all abuses without
scruple; one that was insensible to fear, and deaf to favor; and one
that depended for success on the merit of its papers, and not on the
names announced as contributors. If the editor may judge from the
high panegyric of the press, and the more substantial evidence of an
increasing subscription list, he has succeeded in his intention.

Those desiring to sustain an independent and fearless magazine
will be kind enough to remit their subscriptions by mail, rather
than through an agent.

THOMAS DUNN ENGLISH,

decl3—tf	304 Broadway, city of New York.

WILEY & PUTNAM

PROPOSE to supply, if there is sufficient patronage, the original
London editions of the following Periodicals at the prices an-
nexed, to be mailed in London.

The Periodicals will be put in strong wrappers with printed ad-
dress, and can be sent to any part of the United States; so that they
may be received as soon as the letters per Boston Steamers.

All persons wishing to subscribe will please address Wiley &
Putnam, before the first of December next.

Subscriptions must be paid	in all cases in advance.

Edinburgh Review,	$3	50	Quarterly Review,	$3 	50

Foreign Quarterly Review, 3 50 North British Review, 3 50
Westminster Review,	3	50	For. and Colonial Review, 3	 50

Forbes’ Medical Review,	4	00	Blackwood’s Magazine,	5	 00

Frazer’s Magazine,	5	 00	Presbyterian Review,	3	 50

dec 13—3t

PAIN & BURGESS, 62 JOHN STREET,

WILL PUBLISH, IN A FEW DAYS,

The artist, merchant, and statesman, part I.—

This work is made up of the choicest and most original material
on Fine Arts, Commerce, and Political Economy, by C. Edwards
Lester.

PRARIEDOM ; Rambles and Scrambles in Texas, or New Eslre-
madura, by a Southron, 1 vol. l2mo. with a map. “ It is light and
vivacious—filled with incident—easy and flowing in style, and bril-
liant in imagery.”—Evening Mirror.

THEY ARE PREPARING FOR PUBLICATION,

Songs and Ballads by Gen. G. P. Morris, 32mo. gilt.

Rambles by Land and  Water, or Notes of Travel in Cuba and Mex-
ico; including a canoe voyage up the river Panuco, and Researches
among the Antiquities of Taumelipas, by B. M. Norman, 1 vol. 12mo.
illustrated.

The Greece of the Greeks, by G. A. Perdicaris, U. S. Consul at
Athens, 2 vols. 12mo. illustrated.

Trippings in Authorland, by Fanny Forrester.

Montezuma, the Last of the Aztecs; an Historical Romance of
the Conquest of Mexico, by Edward Maturin, 2 vols. 12mo
“This is an original American work.”

The Prince, by Machiavelli, 1 vol. 12mo.

Man in the Republic, by C Mathews, 1 vol. 32mo. gilt.

The Old Continental, or the Price of Liberty; an historical ro-
mance, by the author of the “Dutchman’s Fireside,” 2 vols. 12mo.
NOW READY,

The Medici Series of Italian Prose.

The Autobiography of Alfieri, 1 vol. 12mo. Price 50 cents.

The Secret Thoughts and Actions of Genius, blended with the
wildest adventures and strongest caprices.

The Citizen of a Republic; what are his rights and duties, by
Ansaldo Ceba, 1 vol. 12mo. Price 50 cents. “A book of condens-
ed and rare thoughts, like diamonds finely polished and richly set.”
The Challenge of Barletta, a Romance of the times of the Medici,
1 vol. 12mo.

“A gem gathered from the jeweled mine of Italian romance.”
The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli, 2 vols. 12mo.

"The charmed records of the classic city of the Arno, by the mas-
ter spirit of his age.”	nov 8

CHEAP MUSIC.

HOMANS & ELLIS have published the first No. of

THE MUSICAL. WORLD.

A Semi-monthly Magazine, containing sixteen pages of beauti-
fully printed Music, and a Journal of Musical Biography, Criti-
cism, and News.

Edited by Henry C. Watson.—Contents of No. 1.

I’ll be There,—words by Fitzball—music by Herbert Rodwell.
Let no thought of care oppress thee,—words by Charles Jeffreys,
music by Bellini.

Far away in my own bright land,—	“	“ Bellini.

O cast that shadow from thy brow,—a beautiful ballad.

The sunny hours of childhood,—words by J. L. Carpenter—
music by J. Hanoway, R. A.

The melodies of many lands,—words by Charles Jeffreys—music
by C. W. Glover.

Price 25 Cents.

The second number of the Musical World will be published on
the 15th inst.

In Press—Grand Galop, by Leopold de Meyer, with a portrait
and critical biography, will be ready early next week.

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to Dubois
and Stodart,) No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assort-
ment of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes of the most
superior quality; such as he is prepared to guarantee for their ex-
cellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish, and to endure in any
climate. A liberal discount from the standard prices. Fiano Fortes
Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on hire.

PIANO FORTES,

CHEAP FOR CASH.—The Subscribers have on hand a
handsome assortment of 6, 6 1/2, and 7 octave mahogany and rose-
wood Pianos, which they will warrant, and sell low for cash or ap-
proved paper.	GLENN, ROGERS, &. Co.,

Manufacturers, 152 Fulton street, east of Broadway

PIANO FORTES.

VF. HARRISON, 23 CANAL STREET, N. Y.—Instru-
ments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made
from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful
workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the business.

N. B.—Wanted a second hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes hired by the month.

ÆOLIAN ATTACHMENT.

Herrmann s. saroni, professor of music, 116

Leonard street, New York, teaches the Piano Forte, with or
without Coleman’s celebrated Attachment.

PIANO FORTES.

H. WORCESTER, No. 139 THIRD AVENUE, CORNER

 of 14th street, respectfully informs his friends and the public,
that he has a good assortment of Piano Fortes, in rosewood and ma-
hogany cases, from 6 to 7 octavos. Persons wishing to purchase
will find it to their advantage to call and examine before purchasing
elsewhere.

Cencral Furnishing Hardware, Cutlery, Tools, &c.

OSBORN & LITTLE,

Importers and General Dealers in English, German, and
American

HARDWARE, CUTLERY, &.C.,

No. 33 FULTON STREET,

BETWEEN PEARL AND WATER STREETS,

[Where the business has been carried on for eighty years past.]

CHARLSES OSBORN. 	NEW YORK

CHARLES S. LITTLE. 

Hardware, Cutlery, Nails, Locks, Latches, Butts, Screws, Anvils,
Vices, Saws, Files, Shovels and Spades, Hollow Ware, Corn and
Coffee Mills, Rivets, Pumps, Curriers’ Hones, Crucibles, Black
Lead, Pots, &c. &c. Also, Genuine Haarlaem Oil. American
Coopers and Carpenters’ Edge Tools, of Albertson’s, Congres
Barton’s Horton’s, Gifford’s, and other makers. Also, Cooper’s
Truss Hoops.	nov8—3m

396

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

CATALOGUE OF TEAS,

ON SALE AT THE TEA WAREHOUSE OF THE

PEKIN TEA COMPANY,

Importers of fine Green and Black Teas, No. 75 Fulton st reet,
New York.

[The teas mentioned in this Catalogue are done up in quarter,
half-pound, and pound packages—the first, or inside wrapper is
lead, the second wrapper is water-proof paper, and the third, or
outside wrapper, is of Chinese rice paper. The company sell none
but good teas, done up in this superior manner, all of them grown
in the most luxurious districts in China. Country dealers can
select as small a quantity of each kind as they like, and have them
packed in one chest. These teas also come in five pound Chinese
packages, called quattoons, a very convenient, fanciful and portable
shape.]

Green Teas.	Black Teas.

Young Hyson, sweet cargo, 50          Pocchong, good, full flavor,      38
do	do do	do finer, 1/2	do	fine,	50

do	do	finer	cargo,	75	do	very superior,	75

do	do	extra	fine,	87 1/2

do	do	Silver Leaf,	1,00         Souchong, good,	38

Silver Leaf — Seldom sold,	do	extra fine,	50

even by large dealers, be-
cause of the very small pro-   Oolong, strong, flavor fine, 50
fits made on its sale. This	Oolong—This tea is a great

is a very superior tea.	favorite, and gives universal

do do Golden Chop, Planta-satisfaction.

tion or Garden growth, 1,50	do	very fine,	62 1/2

Golden Chop — This is the	do	in one pound	and

finest Green Tea cultivated	half pound cattys,

in China. It is of the first	extra fine,	75

pickings, and excels alt other

Green Teas for its delicacy     Ne Plus Ultra,	1,50

of flavor, strength, and aro- Ne Plus Ultra—This tea is
ma. Heretofore this tea has	as fragrant and sweet as a

never reached this country,	nosegay. It yields a perfume

except in small lots, as pre-	that is truly delightful. It is

sents to importers.	of garden growth, and supe-

Hyson,* very fine,	75	rior to anything of the kind

do Plantation growth, 1,00	ever sold in this country.

Gunpowder, good,

do superior, [Read                 English Breakfast Tea, very
“monstrous fraud”	fine, 50

below,]	1,00      do	do do in

do small leaf, planta-	one pound and half pound

tion growth,	1,25	cattys.	62 1/2

Imperial, good,	—

do brisk and fragrant,                Howqua’s Mixture, a strong
[Read “ monstrous	and rich black tea, Pekoe

fraud” below,]	1,00	flavor,	75

do curious leaf, very                   Congo, good,	37 1/2

superior,	1,25	do very fine,	50

Hyson Skin, good, fine flavor, 38       Pekoe Flowers, good,	87 1/2

do	do extra fine,	62 1/2	         do do garden        	growth, 1,50

* Caution.—Large quantities of Hyson Skin are retailed in this
market as being a Hyson Tea. It is well worth while to compare
the Hyson Tea usually sold at 75 cents with the genuine article
that the company offer at the same price. The difference is so per-
ceptible, on trial, as to render any further comment unnecessary.

Monstrous Fraud.—Gunpowder and Imperial Teas cannot be
retailed by small dealers, in this country, at 75 cents per pound,
because they frequently cost that money in China, and no Importer
in this city can sell good Gunpowder or Imperial Tea at a less price
than 75 cents per pound by the hundred packages. T. F. Davies,
Esq., in his interesting work on China, details the manner in
which he saw the lowest grades of Black Teas manufactured and
colored with Prussian Blue, so as to closely imitate Gunpowder and
Imperial Teas, and adds, the Prussian Blue being a combination of
Prussic Acid with Iron, is of course a dangerous poison. Let pur-
chasers therefore beware of adulterated teas, and deal with those
venders whose characters and resources raise them above suspicion.
Beware of the Gunpowder and Imperial Teas retailed at 75 cents
per pound, and compare them with the genuine article sold by the
Pekin Tea Company. No one, it is presumed, wishes to drink
poison. The company have published a book, giving full details on
this subject, which may be had at their warehouse, 75 Fulton street,
free of charge.

Recommendations.

We drink Green Tea, and for many years have been paying one
dollar per pound for it. But thanks to the Pekin Tea Company, we
now get a better tea from them at 75 cents per pound. We drink one
pound per week, by which we are now saving thirteen dollars per year,
and enjoying better tea in the bargain. Commend us to the Pekin Tea
Company, say we.—[Mirror.

The Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street, are performing a great
and good work, and will, in a few years, beyond all doubt, drive all the
poor teas which have deluged this country, and defrauded consumers
of the article, out of the market. They import none but pure and fra-

   grant teas, and retail them by the single pound at wholesale prices.  

Families are always sure of obtaining good teas at this great tea ware-
house, in quantities to suit their convenience, and at the same price
that the merchant pays who buys to sell again.—[Daily True Sun.

You may be sure of obtaining at all times, pure and highly flavored
teas, by the single pound, at wholesale prices, of the Pekin Tea Com-
pany, 75 Fulton street. They have probably the largest stock, and
greatest variety of green and black teas, of any one establishment in
the United States. They are doing a large business, and a great benefit
to consumers of tea.—[Atlas.

Heretofore it has been very difficult, indeed impossible, to always
obtain good green and black teas; but now you have only to visit the
ware-rooms of the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street, to obtain as
delicious and fragrant teas as you could wish for.—Daily Sun.

If any of our readers desire to have good tea, they can obtain it of
the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street.—[Mercury.

A Word to Tea printers.—The Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton
street, have imported into this market some five hundred thousand dol-
lars worth of the finest grade of green and black teas, grown in the
Celestial Empire, done up in all the various fancy packages that Chi-
nese ingenuity can invent. It is a privilege to buy teas at this great
establishment, and a luxury and comfort to drink them. They sell
good teas only, and retail them at wholesale prices. Country merchants
who wish to always sell good teas can always obtain them at this place,
on reasonable terms.—[Emporium.

The Pekin Ten Company.—We very cheerfully call the attention
of all lovers of pure and fragrant Teas, both in town and country, to the
great tea warehouse of this company. Our long acquaintance with the
proprietors enables us to bespeak for them the entire confidence of the
public. We know that their teas, both in qnality and price, are all that
is stated of them. Many a lover of the fragrant herb has been com-
pelled to eschew the drinking of tea in consequence of its injurious
effects, until at length he has become hopeless of finding, among any of
the imported varieties of tea in our market, a kind which had not such
an effect. In this, however, such persons will be agreeably disappointed.
The Pekin Tea Company have commenced the importation of choice
varieties of Garden Teas, of most delicious flavor—cultivated and
picked with great care, which have heretofore never been introduced
into this country, except as presents to importers. Among these they
have an Oolong, mild as zephyr, and fragrant as a rose, which we es-
pecially recommend to all nervous persons. Its effect upon many of
those who have tried it, is to make them confirmed tea-drinkers. Ladies
who have tried it say they never before drank such tea. But all tastes
can here be suited, with the great advantage over other stores of getting
a pure article at wholesale price, however small the quantity. The
company’s warehouse is at 75 Fulton street.—[New World.

Tea.—The Pekin Tea Company, No. 75 Fulton street, unquestionably
sell the best teas imported into this market. That they sell them
cheaper than any other establishment, is a fact proven in a thousand
instances since they have opened their store.

We would advise our friends to call at this place, and if they don’t
wish to buy, at least to obtain a little pamphlet, kept on their counter,
entitled “Hints to Tea-Driukers,” and therefrom learn a little useful
information on the subject. The pamphlet is given gratis.—[Anglo-
American.

The finest specimens of green and black teas ever sold in this
country, are imported by the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street.
Those who want good teas at reasonable prices, can always get them
there.—[Tribune.

We have tried the teas imported by the Pekin Tea Company, 75
Fulton street, and, if we live, will try them often. They are selling
the most delicious teas we ever drank, and retail them at wholesale
prices.—[Evening Post.	oct. 8.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL:

Edgar A. Poe, ::::::	Editor and Proprietor.

IS PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY:
OFFICE304BROADWAY, CORNER OF DUANE.

Terms $3,00 per annum—single numbers six and a quarter cents.

The Broadway Journal is, in its general character, a literary
paper, occupying itself with original, and more especially with
critical articles, in every department of literature, properly so
called—with a preference, nevertheless, for the Belles Lettres
and the Fine Arts. There is no better medium in the country for
literary or artistical advertisements.

AGENTS :

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass          Thos H Pease, New Haven, Ct
R G II Huntington, Hartford, Ct     JC Morgan, New Orleans
M Baullemet, Mobile, Ala                W W Kingsley, New London, Ct

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O     G N Beesley, Utica, N Y
D M Dewey, Rochester, NY              H B Strang, Peekskill, N Y
J Robertson, Syracuse, N Y	Haliburton& Dudley, Boston, Mass

W E Russell, Schenectady, NY         S Thompson, Worcester. Mass
Levi Willard, Troy, N Y	Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct

G Jones, Albany, NY	H Esten, Providence, R I

S F Hoyt, Newburgh, N Y	Safford & Park, Norwich, Ct

Shurtz or Wilde, Baltimore, Md       John Tomlin, P M Jackson, Tenn
Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia       S Hart, Sen., Charleston, S C.