THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 1. NEW YORK, SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1845. N° 8.

Truth, whether in or out of fashion, is the measure of knowledge and the busi-
ness of the understanding; whatsoever is beside that, however authorised by con-
sent or recommended by variety, is nothing but ignorance, or something worse.

Locke.

REVIEWS.

The Sanitary Condition of the Laboring Population of New
York. With suggestions for its improvement. A discourse (with
additions) delivered on the 30th December, 1844, at the Repository
of the American Institute. By John H. Griscom, M. D., Fellow
of the College of Physicians and Surgeons; Physician of the New
York Hospital; late Physician of the city and eastern dispensaries.
New York; Harper & Brothers, 82 Cliff street. 1845.

If any evidence were needed to prove the utter incapacity
of the men into whose hands the government of this great
city has fallen, to discharge the duties of their fearfully re-
sponsible station, the following extract from the preface of
this important pamphlet would furnish it.

“ The subject matter of the following pages was originally addres-
sed, in the form of a letter, to the Chief Magistrate of the city. Its
preparation was undertaken, principally with a view to an exposition
of the true principles which should regulate the action of public bodies,
in matters relating to the health of cities, in a knowledge of, or con-
cern for, which, recent events had shown our own munic pal legislature
to be somewhat deficient. Appreciating fully the importance of its
facts and suggestions, the Mayor transmitted the communication to a
co-ordinate branch of the City Government, recommending it to their
serious attention. After several weeks’ deliberation upon it, the com-
mittee to whom it was referred arrived at the conclusion, embodied
in the following language quoted from their report: ‘Your committee do
not profess to be judges of the subject, or in other words, they do
not think it proper at this time, to go into such a measure,’ and they
recommended that the paper be returned to its author.”

We do not intend to cast any peculiar blame on the Native
American party, as the politicians are called who have the
welfare of our citizens in their hands at present, because we
believe that either of the other two parties who strove for the
management of our municipal affairs would have acted in
the same manner. In truth, our politicians have yet to learn
their alphabet in the art of government; but the misfortune
of it is, that their instructors, the people, are wofully defi-
cient in this kind of knowledge themselves. The happiness
of the people seems never to be thought of in municipal legis-
latures. The exact objects aimed at by our Common Coun- 
cil it would be difficult toascertain. The spending of a good 
deal of money, and the best way of getting it from the peo-
ple, seem to be the only definite notions of government that
any of our boards of aldermen have had during the past
twenty years. The present party in power regard the read-
ing of some particular books in the district schools as the 
great point to be settled by them ; and while the people are
literally dying in consequence of inhaling the unhealthy mi-
asma of filthy streets, the party that has the power to purge
the atmosphere, and make the city a desirable residence,
wastes all its energies in forcing a certain part of the children
under their charge to take their first lessons in reading out of
particular books which are repugnant to the feelings of their
parents. It matters not a whit to a denizen of our streets
what the city fathers have done or are doing, so long as the
thoroughfares and byways are nearly impassable for filth.
If it were an object to the citizens of this great metropolis, to
tax themselves at the enormous rate which they were com-
pelled to do for the sake of pure water, it is quite as much
of an object to them to tax themselves for the sake of pure
air ; and we have no doubt that taxation would be submitted

to as cheerfully in one case as in the other. Clean streets
would keep many a family in New York that now is com-
pelled to seek for a healthier home in Brooklyn, or Jersey
City, or Staten Island. Gentlemen who have moved over
upon Long Island, after living many years in the city,
find that they make a very great saving in their doctor’s
bills.

Dr. Griscom says; “ A highly respectable friend, a distin-
guished advocate, informed me lately, that some of his chil-
dren had not had a day’s illness during the two years they
had been at school in the country, while the others, residing
at home, though in a comparatively salubrious position in
the city, cost him from twenty to thirty dollars each, for
medicine and medical attendance.”

And yet in spite of this experience on the part of this dis-
tinguished advocate, he will continue to reside in the city,
when he might by a very trifling sacrifice live in the country,
and preserve his own and his children’s health. We know
several distinguished advocates whose families live ten or
twelve miles from the City Hall, who contrive to be pretty
constant in their attendance at the courts. There is very lit-
tle more inconvenience, for a lawyer, in living on Staten
Island, than in living in Chelsea or Union Square; while the
increased vigor which they derive from daily crossing the
water and breathing the pure air of the country, enables them
to accomplish quite as much labor as the time lost in travel-
ling to and from their office would do. It is an unaccounta-
ble delusion that keeps men confined in the city when busi-
ness will allow of a residence in the country. Setting aside
all the enjoyments of a rural home, the cheapness of it should
induce a prudent man to prefer it. A tolerably respectable
house in town costs from four hundred to eight hundred dol-
lars per annum. Within ten or twelve miles of the Battery,
a comfortable country house with an orchard, garden, and
so forth, may be had at from one to two hundred dollars ; an
extra hundred dollars will cover all the expenses of travel,
while the gain in health would be worth a sum which can-
not be estimated in dollars and cents. Dr. Griscom very
clearly proves that a city residence cannot be healthy, even
in the most favorable situations; what it must be then, in
the least favorable, the following appalling statement will
snow.

"Almost every one can recall to mind, some proof of the effects of
nauseous odors, of the inhalation of foul air, or of sleeping in a small
confined apartment, upon his own health and feelings. These effects
may have been only temporary, but they will serve to show that a pro-
longed continuance of them, must, in reason, produce permanently bad
results upon the mental and corporeal powers. If the inhaled air (one
great source of the life, health, and vigor of the animal structure) is
deteriorated in quality, or diminished in quantity, below the standards
necessary for a perfect decarbonization of the blood in the lungs, the
blood necessarily becomes burdened with impurities, and fails to impart
to the system the qualities demanded by nature for the due mainten-
ance of health and strength. Every city resident who takes a stroll
into the country can testify to the difference between the two atmos-
pheres of the two situations;—the contrast of our out-door (to say
nothing of the in-door) atmosphere, loaded with the animal and veg-
etable exhalations of our streets, yards, sinks, and cellars—and the air
of the mountains, rivers, and grassy plains, needs no epicurean lungs
to detect it. The superior corporeal activity, and the mental exhilara-
tion imparted by it, are the prima facie proofs of its superiority. Com-
pare the pale face of the city belle, or matron, after the long confine-
ment of the winter and spring, with the same countenance in the fall,
upon her return from a lew weeks’ tour to the Springs and Niagara,
and observe whether the return of the long absent rose upon the cheek

114

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

is not accompanied with a greater elasticity of frame, and a happier
and stronger tone of mind.

“ Descend a few steps further, from the airy and well-lighted cham-
ber and parlor, to the confined apartments of the pent-up court, and
the damp, secluded cellar; draw a contrast between the gay inhabi-
tant of the former, and the attenuated tenant of the latter, and we
may then judge of the influences of the air which they respectively
respire.

“ Observe, further, the vast difference in the development of frame,
healthiness of countenance, and power of endurance, between the chil-
dren of the farmer, and offspring of the city resident.

“ The following facts show, by figures, the sad condition in which
a very large number of our people may be said barely to exist.

“ As a great part of the population of these places are destitute of
the means of paying for medical assistance, the duty of ministering to
them in hours of sickness, falls upon the Dispensary Physicians. I
find, upon examining the records of their labors, the reports of the
three medical charities for the year ending March, 1844, there were
prescribed for at the offices, and the homes of the poor, at the
Northern Dispensary,           13,317 Patients,

Eastern          “	17,107	“

New York      "	23,858	“

Total, 54,282

From this number a deduction is to be made of those vaccinated, be-
ing 4505. In visiting the sick poor at their homes, however, it hap-
pens very frequently that some are prescribed for whose names are
neglected to be entered, so that it is perfectly safe to estimate the
number of sick persons who received aid from these charities, to be
over 50,000 in one year. In the corresponding year there were admit-
ted into the Alms House Hospital 2332 patients, and into the City
Hospital about 1000, exclusive of seamen, making a total of over
53,000, without enumerating the sick poor attended by private cha-
rity.”

[To be continued.]

THE ART OF THE USE OF COLOR IN IMITATION IN PAINTING.

NO. II.

BY WILLIAM PAGE.

There are, as we have before stated, only three primitive
colors in Nature or Art, and when any of these, or the com-
pounds made from them, are brought into contact by being
placed near or against each other, it is found that their ap-
parent brilliancy is increased, or set off by the contrast, &c.
As for instance, Red, when seen by the side of Green, ap-
pears more Red by the contact,—Green being the other two
primitives combined into one color. In like manner, Yellow
is affected by Purple, and Blue by Orange ; so that for simple
contrast, we have but to take one primitive color, no matter
which, and combine the other two, to make an opposition
to the first, such as all times and nations have accepted as,
agreeable to the eye; whereas, any two of the primitive
colors, brought directly together, produces a discord, often
very harsh and disagreeable in itself, but when skilfully
used by the artist, becoming a great power in his hands, to
drive together into a more intimate harmony the less discor-
dant colors used.

These primitives, when all mixed together, produce Brown.
This is the universal color of Nature, and the grand harmo-
nizer of those old masters, who understood colors the best;
and which Brown, many moderns have observed as making
up the greater proportion of the tone of the pictures of the
best colorists, and the want of which, in modem schools, as
I shall show, is but another proof of that deficiency of know-
ledge of colors in this day, that I have more than hinted at.
This Brown color, as I said, being composed of Red,
Yellow, and Blue, is capable of infinite variations, as it
may pass from reddish-brown to blackish-brown, or yellow-
ish-brown, at the will of the painter; so that, if he desires
to make a Red more powerful by the opposition to it of his
ground or surrounding color, he has but to make it (the
ground) tend in its hue, towards greenish-brown ; or if he
would merge it in, or harmonize it with the surrounding
ground-color, he makes the aforesaid ground of a reddish-
brown, for these two opposite principles of harmony and con-
trast, comprehend all that this external application of color
can do. For, when the painter would make any one of the

primitive colors more striking to the eye, he surrounds it with
a compound mostly composed of the other two, thereby form-
ing the greatest opposition; and when he would harmonize
or soften its effect to the eye, he uses least of these opposites.
A few experiments made on white paper in water colors,
with Red, Yellow, and Blue, will soon enable any artist to
thread all the intricacies of the whole scale of color, and their
possible oppositions and harmonies, as matter of mere con-
trast and harmony of external color. This, and what grows
immediately out of this, is all the superficial knowledge of
what is called the present English School of Painting, of
which we Americans have taken to ourselves more than can
do us good, unless we learn better where to bestow it, in its
proper place, subject to higher laws, the laws of the imita-
tion, or the reproduction of Nature’s works.

It is so notorious as to cause comment to be made the
world over, wherever there are to be found modern, and
good old Pictures, that the new are light, or white and fee-
ble, or glaring in color, when compared with the old, or even
good copies from them. The Royal Academy Exhibitions
strike all observers in this, whether they be Englishmen or
Americans, as being an assemblage of bright colors and
white-wash, having no type any where in Nature, but only
like itself, or other modern exhibitions of pictures, whether
on the continent of Europe, or here in America, ever the same
crude, feeble, gray, garish, unharmonised patches of gaudy
colors and staring whiteness. Whereas, the better works of
the old Painters, particularly those who can lay claim to any
knowledge of color, are uniformly found to be low in tone,
rich, brown and harmonious, the flesh (the test of color in Art)
in that medium between light and dark, where only the great-
est amount of color can be found, so that, the flesh in Titian’s
pictures, according to the best critics, is perhaps the lowest
in its local color ever painted. This has been variously ac-
counted for by different writers, as owing to the age of the
pictures, time being supposed to have sunken them to their
present low scale, &c., &c., all of which is insufficient to ex-
plain satisfactorily the fact, as there are even old pictures of
Titian’s time, or earlier, as light and crude as any modem
English or French, when, if time would have done this thing
for one, it would, being no respecter of persons, have done it
for all. But there can be given a clear and satisfactory solu-
tion of this problem, that shall show to common sense that
instead of its having been lime or accident that has made
pictures which were originally bad, or indifferent, good, the
painters who produced them really knew the Art which they
professed and practised, more thoroughly than those who
pretend to this knowledge in these days. Indeed, the old
Painters had only Nature to study, from which they drew
deep truths, and principles, such as could be safely trusted lo,
and did universally produce results, that modems look upon
as the offspring of a happier genius, than we are blessed
withal; though it was the inevitable consequence of energetic
mind, devoted to the analysis of those principles which alone
can form a solid basis for true Art, and be learned from Na-
ture, our true school-mistress.

Thus much of color as we had treated in this article, before
we made this digression, a child of twelve years of age may
learn in a few months of teaching; and this has been spun
out by various authors, into more volumes than would be ne-
cessary to tell of the whole rise and fall of empires, as well
as Arts, yet this is all that modern Art has learned from the
wonderful works of earlier Painters, together with what
Science has done for us, and the increase of knowledge.

In that medium degree, equally removed from the extremes
of light and dark, which we mentioned in our first article,
occur in nature all the most powerful colors, and no where

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

115

else, for more light must weaken, or more dark must obscure
them. Thence the necessity that that most difficult of sub-
stances to be imitated, human flesh, should be placed so low
in the scale of light, as to allow all the purest color to pass
through its plane, or the range of light which it occupies in the
picture. This, any man may see the truth of, who has endea-
vored conscientiously to copy nature, or even looked atten-
tively at such copy, when it is made.

We now see a good reason why good old pictures are low
in tone, not dark, or black, as too many of the specimens
that reach our shores are, for if their lowness of tone is truly
attained, it is so deceptive as to seem to reflect more light,
than the lightest picture gives out.

Such modern pictures as are an approach in lowness of
tone to either nature or the works of true colorists, are liable
to be what is termed leathery, and grow more and more so
with every year after being painted ; whereas the old have
almost the tenderness of nature, which tenderness is the very
opposite of the leathery quality; this latter quality increases
by the darkening of the surface of the color, and is often in-
creased by the changing of the oils. It is so common in the
English pictures where there is an attempt to paint on a low
key, that all kinds of vehicles are supposed to be better, as
they seem to promise to overcome this difficulty, which they
attribute to the use of Megilps, &c. &c. But it has a deep-
er origin. The truth is, that whenever colors are used, no
matter how pure they be, in a picture, their tendency will be
to change darker on the surface, thereby becoming leathery,
for this is the inevitable quality of darker, and particularly
the warmer colored browns, passed over lighter and left so.
Now the opposite quality of the leathery is always produced
by passing a lighter opaque color over a darker one. This,
when known and well applied, will enable any one to rid his
pictures of this quality, though the flesh be as low as that
of Titian, and without which I believe that even he would
have worked in vain to produce any approach to nature,
such as he has made, this being the way of nature herself,
and therefore the best.

Now as human flesh occurs in this medium degree between
light and dark, which, we have mentioned, is composed of
the three primitive colors, in such subtle arrangement as to
baffle all attempts of mere eye, and hand in monkey imita-
tion, to render them intelligibly, and must yet be given be-
fore any thing can be done worthy of our opportunities, and
what has been accomplished by others in less inteliigent
times, let us try to follow the light which nature presents in
the investigation of her works, and the analysis of her prin-
ciples. For we cannot by studying the pictures of the old
masters, as we can in nature, separate the layers of color
used in their progress, nor learn the mode of their produc-
tion, now when the hands that executed, and the minds that
produced them have gone beyond the reach of our question-
ing, and left us nothing but the results of their labors, from
which we barely learn that they alone, of all the professed
disciples of Art, have understood the language even, in
which Art must speak or remain tongue-tied, or at the best
lisp, like a little child, but more like an aged man, that has
reached his second childishness, and fills up the hour with
bis empty babble.

But I doubt not that we shall be able to show that there
is yet a way to attain to what now makes them “ the Divine
in Art;" so conspicuous above us; and that by the simplest
means, such as could not but have been suggested to reason-
ing minds, of sufficient self-dependence to throw aside all,
that they had not themselves tested, as worthless, beginning
anew in the true school of nature, as children who have the

whole Art to learn, and not taking for granted any thing but
the deductions of their own reason or experience.

Now I propose to give the sketch of a process whereby a
head may be painted, and though from the complicated na-
ture of words, and particularly when used by one who has
had other things than words to study, as in my case, I can-
not hope to make it simple to the simple, though if it be
well thought over, and applied with tolerable skill, will prove
its truth in the success—at least showing its capacity for the
grandest results. At all events, let no man condemn it un-
til he can see a flaw in the reasoning, or has tested its truth
or falseness, by an actual experiment—when, if he cannot
produce a better picture by it, I fear not to declare that he
cannot produce a good one at all.

WHY ARE NOT THE SCIENCES BETTER UNDERSTOOD ?

Under this head it is proposed to make a simple inquiry,
which doubtless thousands can answer with quite as little
trouble, as it is to propound the question. But though thou-
sands can give a ready answer to the inquiry, yet there are
millions who cannot, and therefore, it is to them that the
question may more properly be put—“ why the Sciences are
not better understood ?” That it is a lamentable fact, that
the phenomena of many of the simple and most practical
things of life are not understood, no one will deny—why this
is the case is the question. It cannot be that there is not
sufficient interest in these phenomena; because it is well
known that the understanding of the laws which explain
these things are more conducive to the happiness of mankind
than all other knowledge put together. In fact, civilization
could not progress without it, and though thousands and
thousands are applying the laws every day, yet they do
not know how they do it. Every woman and child is apply-
ing some one of the laws for their comfort every day of their
lives, yet, how few are they of this great mass of persons,
even if the adults be taken, that can explain the reason why
they are warmer in a woollen blanket than in a cotton one of
equal weight ?—or why a man may go into an oven, dressed
in a woollen cloak, and remain there long enough to broil a
beef steak, without being injured, while in any other gar-
ment he would be roasted alive—or why a white hat is cool-
er than a black one—or why a rough stove, gives off more
heat than a polished one—or a black stove more than a tin
one. Now, that these are but few of the simple questions of
well-known facts of every day occurrence, cannot be doubted;
but, as simple as they are, and as easily as they could be an-
swered by any child, if once directed to the subject, there
are thousands who never for a moment give their attention
to the subject. But these are not the only illustrations, be-
cause there are the several branches of science, equally as
applicable to phenomena around us.

The subject of heat however is applied to such practical
purposes, that it is singular that it should not be more under-
stood--and particularly the laws which would explain many

of the phenomena of heat, experienced almost every minute
in the day. The apparent cold of iron, on taking hold of it,
or heat of wood, is so well known, that it would be superflu-
ous to mention it; were it not equally as apparent that a
great majority of persons do not know why it is so. They
know that it is so, because it gives them a painful sensation
on a frosty morning to pick up an iron bar, while a piece of
wood that has lain beside it, and is of the same tempera-
ture, is much warmer to handle. The simple fact of wrap-
ping up a piece of ice in a woollen blanket to preserve it, is
known to every porter in the country, yet how few can tell

116

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

why it is that the blanket which is warmest in winter, will
not melt ice in the summer,—or why a black or blue blanket
would melt the ice when a white one would preserve it.

These things are of so common an occurrence, that it
would be natural to suppose every person would know
them; yet it is far from being the case. This want of
knowledge on these every day matters does not speak much
for the information of those who are not in possession of it.
The simple operation of a pump, which every boy has work-
ed at many a time, is apparently one of the least under-
stood. A majority of the young men, who are exceed-
ingly well dressed, would be apt to say, “ that a pump
sucks the water up from the well”—if asked for an explana-
tion of the operation of pumping—or if a similar enquiry
were to be made to a young man of considerable accom-
plishments in a ball room, but engaged in the liquor
trade, why it is that the syphon he uses to take liquors
from a cask performs the operation, he would be very likely
to say by suction, which certainly is one of the vulgar ways
of exhausting a pipe of liquor, but nevertheless is far from
being the true cause for that simple operation.

All have more or less used the “ sucker,” as it is usually
termed by boys, in raising up bricks or other smooth sub-
stances, by means of a piece of wet leather patted down on
it. This simple operation is as equally one of the known
laws of pneumatics as that of the atmospheric rail-road;
and the laws which govern one would explain that of the
other.

The pressure of fifteen pounds to the square inch of the
atmosphere, may easily be conceived to be an extraordinary
amount of force to be applied. The pressure on the human
body to a person not acquainted with the laws of pneumatics,
seems to be incredible. That there should be a pressure of
about fifteen tons on the human body, makes a person of con-
siderable good sense look a little credulous at the idea of his
having to shoulder such a load as that every day; and he
would very soon begin to imagine that the burdens of this
life were great indeed. But if in addition to this, he were
told that on a rainy day, when the “ atmosphere was so heavy
and thick," that two or three tons of atmospheric pressure
were taken off his shoulders, he would he very likely to say,
“ Come—come, Mr. Philosopher, that is putting it on, and
taking it off rather too thick. What! on a rainy day the at-
mosphere lighter than on a bright sun-shining day ? See
here, sir, can you tell how many beans five blue beans make,
if shook up in a bag?” Now as ridiculous as all this ap-
pears, it nevertheless is true.

Many young persons have this impression on their mind,
and unfortunately have such a particular desire to be accom-
plished gentlemen, to be familiar with the name of Signora
Pico, and others of the opera—or the last new step in the
Polka dance, and other amusements of the sort, that they
would not know these simple every day things, because they
are not fashionable.

It would be idle to attempt to illustrate this subject as
fully as it would permit, as it would occupy too much space.
And the cases that have been cited are only such as are of
such simple use, that it is much to be wondered at, that
they cannot be as thoroughly explained by any young man,
as can the tune of the last new opera, the steps in a qua-
drille, or the latest cut of the Imperial or Moustache of some
recently imported German or French Count. If this were
the case, it would be a source of great credit to the young
men generally ; but unfortunately it cannot be done.

The love of some of the frivolities of the day, have more
attractions than the useful sciences; whether it is that the

name of science conveys to the mind of the young man the
idea of something very abstruse, requiring minds like those of
Bacon, Galileo, Newton and Franklin, to explore their mys-
teries, it is difficult to say; but it is very natural to suppose
that something of this kind must deter them from the enqui-
ry, or else they would make a venture to read such works as
Brewster’s Optics, Arnott’s Physics, and hundreds of other
volumes, which would not only be more valuable to them
than most reading that they could undertake, but would be
equally as pleasing; for it is an absurdity to suppose that
science has no pleasures, because all the phenomena in na-
ture can be explained by her laws; and how much more
gratifying it must be to any person to be able to explain the
causes of these phenomena. Most truly, the satisfaction of
being able to set a person right, who has stumbled into
the error that ice is formed at the bottom of the river, and
then rises up to the surface to be dovetailed together, would
be more pleasing, as well as more to the credit of the person,
than being able to correct a false step at a cotillion.

This error is not an imaginary case, but one of real occu-
rence, from a person who possesses as much good sense as
the majority of young men, and occupies as respectable a posi-
tion. But it is a case, and not unlike thousands to be met
with every day, manifesting as much ignorance upon practi-
cable subjects as to their laws as this. Not knowing these
things, does not presuppose want of capacity to understand
them; but a want of proper appreciation for their acquisi-
tion. In the cases mentioned there has been no attempt to
select such as it is required that a person should be able to
answer, because if that were the case he could easily learn
by heart the usual modes of explaining their phenomena;
but it has been to direct the attention to palpable cases of
ignorance, not only of these things, but the application of the
laws governing them. They should be known. The laws
of mechanism, heat, hydraulics, hydrostatics and pneumatics,
as well as of optics, and in fact all phenomena of na-
ture, should be as well understood ns that of any species of
learning knowu. Every person can appreciate this know-
ledge. There is a tangible form to it, by which, through
life, it can be made available in more ways than one to pro-
mote happiness. While the same may not be said of the
advantages from reading the best of Scott’s, or other novels
and romances that can be found. They may afford some
pleasure to excite the mind, and leave pleasing recollections
of such characters as Ivanhoe and Rebecca; but they never
can give as much pleasure as would be derived from the
knowledge of these laws. Besides the pleasure of being able
to explain these phenomena, it has the great advantage of
leading to many useful inventions. On the subject of heat
alone, there is field enough yet to exhaust the mind of some
halt a dozen Davy's, in applying it to the most advantage for
manufacturing purposes, and that of warming houses. For
it is a fact that there is double the quantity of fuel used in
houses to warm them, that is required, owing to the simple
circumstance of not knowing how to use it. Fuel generally
is but half consumed, and even of that which is consumed, a
great portion of it is lost, owing to the bad arrangement of
radiation. Enquiries into this matter may be made by any
one—and though a Davy or Farraday might be able to dis-
cover the mode of economising fuel sooner than a mere su-
perficial reader of the subject, yet it does not follow that
they may not turn the knowledge to good account, with a
possibility of making an improvement on the mode of using
fuel to generate steam, or for warming houses. In chemis-
try the application of its principles are so universal, that
nothing is touched but is governed by its laws. The bread

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

117

that is partaken of at each meal, has to be made by as fixed
laws of chemistry, as that of preparing gases—or the boiling
of potatoes by equally as well known chemical laws ; yet of
the millions who eat of the bread and potatoes, if they
were told that there was a science in boiling the potatoes,
they would be likely to think it rather too “ small potatoe”
a science, for them to condescend to learn its laws. It would
not be genteel to know how a potatoe was boiled, or why it
changed from a nasty hard vegetable, to a delicate bread-like
substance, by simply putting it into boiling water. But
though it might not be genteel, it would certainly be very
creditable, and perhaps detract none the less from any per-
son’s claims to gentility to be in possession of such an amount
of knowledge. In fact, the elementary principles of physics
should be more thoroughly studied in the schools, and forced
upon the mind of the child, that he may, on coming to matu-
rity, feel more interest in the subject. As it is now, most
young men have no inclination that way. The name of sci-
ence has too much of the abstruse about it to attract the at-
tention ; and the extravagant notions of gentility, which the
great mass of the young men in the city have, of patronizing
the operas and Pinteux—and the young and old and junior
bachelor’s balls, or getting a red flannel shirt on to run after
an engine or hose cart, have become a serious evil to them.
Their love of these amusements, without a proper cultivation
of the mind, has had the tendency to lower very much the
estimated intelligence among them; though in dress, and
general appearance, they betray all the accomplishments of
very learned gentlemen, and it is not until you put to them
any of the simple questions of natural philosophy that it is
discovered they are not what they appear to be, that all
is not gold that glitters—and that a tailor has made the more
pleasing part of them.

C. L. BARRITT.

THE GREAT TOWER OF TARUDANT.

BT ROBERT OLIVER.

So Arphaxad proceeded with a step that constantly grew
bolder and more vigorous. He removed the most faithful
officers of the king, and supplied their places by creatures of
his own—evil spirits whom his magic had clothed with the
form and flesh of humanity. He issued all orders, heard all
complaints, judged all causes, and in fine assumed all the
royal functions, which he exercised without deigning even to
consult the king. Upon the latter, indeed, he at length
dared to lay a spell, under the influence of which the monarch
shut himself up in the interior of his palace, and spent his
whole time in studying books of magic and in practising in-
cantations, the mode of performing which, the Egyptian had
pretended to teach him ; but in these he never could succeed,
for the spell of the crafty magician so besotted his brain that
he understood little of what he read, and remembered not one
half of the purposely obscure and complicated instructions he
had received.

But though reduced to this pitiable state, Abdallah yet
loved, and had faith in the Egyptian, for so strongly was he
charmed, that he did not perceive his own condition, but still
believed himself a king, and thought that bis industrious vi-
zier merely relieved him of the toils and cares of government,
that he might have leisure for loftier and more agreeable
pursuits. Neither were the people dissatisfied, for though
they now never saw their king, they doubted not that his
retirement was owing to his intense devotion to the affairs of
the kingdom; and so long as those were well administered,
they cared little what passed within the palace.

Emboldened by impunity, Arphaxad allowed his ambition
full play. He proclaimed his intention of building in the
very centre of the city of Tarudant, a tower that should ex-
ceed in size and magnificence all that the world had ever
seen. And the people shouted and applauded the underta-
king, as one that would confer great glory on the nation.

Nor was their approbation lessened, when they were called
upon to labor at the work, and to contribute of their gold
and silver and precious stones towards its embellishment;
lor the Egyptian persuaded them that inconceivable benefits
would flow from its erection. So, cheerfully they commenced
the building, not dismayed, though a tenth part and that the
fairest of their city was demolished to make room for the
foundation. Cheerfully they labored, willingly they con-
tributed of their wealth, and rapidly rose the tower. Story
after story was added, each more magnificent than the other,
until at length so great a height was reached, that the work-
men on the top could barely be discerned from the ground.

The work went briskly on. Multitudes of supernaturally
stout and active genies toiled side by side with human la-
borers, and architects of more than mortal craft guided the
progress of the structure. Materials became scarce, and first
the great wall of Tarudant, and then its chief houses and
those of the provincial cities were thrown down to support
them, and finally the royal palace itself was demolished,
with the exception of the single apartment to which the king
had of late confined himself. '

Still the people were called upon, and still the people
came to labor. More and more of their riches was demand-
ed, and yet it was freely given. Higher, higher rose the
tower, piercing far above the clouds, and seeming to enter
the very heavens. The supply of stones was not yet suffi-
cient. The public works which had conferred such pros-
perity upon Tarudant, the canals, roads, bridges, and aque-
ducts were despoiled, and their granite and marble added to
the mighty edifice.

At length it was finished, and wonderful indeed was the
work. Prodigious in breadth as well as height, superb with
many-hued marbles, with the finest porphyry, the most trans-
parent alabaster, glowing with gold and gems, and brilliant
with silver, brass, and ivory. Immediately on its completion,
Arphaxad dismissed the human laborers, and accompanied
only by his attendant genies, of whom he had gathered an
innumerable host, entered the tower and shut himself up
therein.

And now the people, having nearly spent their strength,
and entirely exhausted their treasure in the building of this
tower, looked up at it with pride and exultation, and waited
for the blessings that the Egyptian had promised should flow
from it. They waited in vain. Nothing came, nothing de-
scended. Still they waited, still in vain. They began to
murmur, for they lacked bread, having neglected to till their
lands while working for the magician, and having parted
with every thing wherewith they might have bought bread
in other countries. Their murmurs swelled to complaints
and reproaches, not unmingled with curses. They called
loudly upon the Egyptian, who answered not, for he was
busied with his incantations in the highest story of the tow-
er, where their mightiest shouts were heard only as the gent-
lest whispering of the west wind. Maddened to desperation,
they at length assaulted the building, each man catching up
a stone and hurling it against the great brazen gates. They
flew open, and the multitude rushed in. When a fifth part
had entered, the gates closed again with a tremulous roar,
crushing many who were pressing for admittance.

The multitude found themselves in a vast circular hall,
the floor of which was of rough rocks, and the lofty sides
cased with broad plates of gold, highly burnished, but with-
out figure or inscription. The ceiling of sculptured ivory, at
a height beyond the reach of a strongly shot arrow, rested on
columns of green marble, around the upper part of whose
shafts immense serpents were lazily twining, their hideous
heads swaying to and fro, up and down, and uttering occa-
sionally thick hisses, accompanied by a gush of breath so
pestiferous that no man could breathe it a moment and live.
The eyes of these serpents glared with a vigilant ferocity,
though the rest of their bodies seemed immersed in languid
indolence, and from those dreadful orbs shone forth the only
light which illumined the hall, a light so dim and strange,
that when the people first entered, they could see nothing
but their own palpitating forms.

Stupidly they stared upwards, saying not a word, for the
poisonous fumes from above tainted even the air below, pro-
ducing a drowsy feeling in those who inhaled it. At length,
some bolder or more impatient than the rest broke the silence,
shouting, “ Come, here is gold, let us take it and buy bread!”

And they all rushed to the sides of the hall and attempted
to tear off the golden plates; but they could not, for the

118

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

smooth surface afforded nothing to take hold of, and besides
their strength was weakened by hunger and benumbed by the
foul vapors they were breathing. They soon desisted, and
sought to quit the tower, but there was no outlet save the
brazen gates, and those defied their utmost efforts. In despair
they flung themselves upon the rocky floor and remained hea-
vily slumbering until midnight, when they were roused by
the intolerable thirst produced by the hot and stifling air.
They looked up, but there was no light. The serpents were
asleep, and their eyes shot forth no gleams. Then amid the
thick darkness, all with one voice gasped forth, “Water, wa-
ter, give us water or we die!”

Suddenly laughter sounded through the tower, scornful,
fiendish laughter, and then again all was still. The serpents
awoke, and for a moment swung their heads about uncertain-
ly, then fixed them pointing downwards, and opening wide
their mouths, hissed forth floods of waters strong and many,
athwart whose rushing foam, danced with fearful glee the
lurid light of their infernal eyes. Frantically the multitude
drank, but not with pleasure, for the water was bitter and of
a sickish warmth. It continued flowing down upon them,
and rising, until it reached their knees, then their waists, and
presently their armpits. They struggled, shrieked, and beg-
ged for mercy, but the water came pouring down, until it
was twenty cubits deep, where the last strong swimmer sunk
exhausted, and again horrible laughter pealed throngh the
tower, mingled with the triumphant hissing of the serpents
and the gentle dashing of the calming waters.

Meantime the people without the tower finding that they
could not again force open the brazen gates, retired to a little
hill some way off and held a consultation. It suddenly occur-
red to them that they yet had a king, who once was good,
and wise and brave, and they were astonished that they
had even for a moment forgotten him. Great indeed
must have been the delusion which could blot out all remem-
brance of the kind and gallant Abdallah. The multitude re-
solved immediately to seek his protection from the evils in
which they had been involved by their reliance upon the false
Egyptian. “ To the king ! To the king !” they shouted—
“ he will deliver us—he will destroy the magician !”

In a body therefore they hurried to the royal palace, and
there being now no guards or officers of state to prevent in-
trusion, they reached without difficulty the presence of the
king. They found the poor monarch in a dismantled, dirty
apartment, the sole remnant of his superb ancestral palace.
He was reclining on a couch of ivory, adorned with brazen
figures, which had once been gilded so skilfuly as not to be
distinguishable from pure gold. But these were now rusted
over with dingy verdigris, while the ivory itself was so brok-
en and decayed, that had it not been patched here and there
with pieces of bone it would not have upheld the body of the
king. Little, however, was required to uphold that body.
So emaciated, so woe-begone was it, that emirs who for years
had waited on the royal person, scarcely recognized their sove-
reign. His eyes were sunken in his head, his beard was en-
ormously long and matted together, and his whole appearance
squalid with the accumulated dust and filth of years. He was
wrapped in a loose black robe fantastically striped with scar-
let and purple, but so tattered and dirty that its texture and
hues were scarcely discernible. Before him on the couch lay
a roll of parchment inscribed with mystic characters, on
which his eyes were bent with an expression of painful anxi-
ety. At his side was an earthen vessel containing a quantity
of dried fish, stale and mouldy, and at the foot of the couch a
fountain of muddy water lazily weltered forth from between
the jaws of a sculptured leopard.

Abdallah did not seem conscious of the approach of his
subjects, but continued steadfastly gazing on the magical
book. They stood for a time contemplating him, unable to
speak, for their hearts were very full. At length an old vizier,
mastering his tears and sobs, with trembling voice exclaim-
ed—

"Look up, O king, look up and behold thy faithful people
who have come to thee in their great distress—have come to
thee for refuge and relief.”

The king Feebly raising his head, with difficulty opened
his mouth and replied:—“Why do ye trouble me in my stu-
dies? Seek Arphaxad the Egyptian. He will do what ye
require.” And sinking back upon his couch with a painful
sigh, he again fixed his bleared eyes upon the parchment
roll.

But the people groaned, and cried, “ Alas, O King! It is
from this accursed magician that all our miseries flow.”

Again Abdallah looked up, and with a sadly bewildered ex-
pression demanded, “Why, what hath he done? Governs
he not well and wisely ?”

“ Come forth, and see with thine own eyes, O king!”

They lifted the monarch to his feet, and would have led
him out, but he was so feeble that he could not stand.
They held him up tenderly, and one of the emirs turning to
the people, said, “Run, some of you, and fetch water from
the fountain that is beside the tomb of the Santon Sidi Edris
—it hath virtue to heal the king’s mind and give his body
strength.”

Swift young men started away as he spoke, and quickly
came back with a jar full of water from the holy fountain.
The emirs took it and washed the king, and trimmed his
beard, and put upon him new garments of cloth of gold in
place of the filthy black robe striped with scarlet and purple.
They gave him also of the water to drink and fed him with
bread and figs, so that he seemed like a new man, being w on-
derfully refreshed. The spell that bound him so long lost its
power. He was restored to his right mind and to his wonted
health ; strength returned to his limbs, fire to his eyes, color
to his cheeks. He stood among his emirs again like their
king, and all the people shouted when they looked upon his
face, for hope, long absent, began to swell their shrunken
hearts.

Then a horse was brought to the king, a young horse,
strong and full of fire, on which he mounted and was led to
a neighboring hill, whence he could view the condition of
bis capital. When he beheld its desolation he was struck
with such amazement that he could not speak. But at length
finding his voice, he demanded, “Who hath done this?
What enemy hath ravaged my city?” All the people an-
swered, “ Arphaxad the Egyptian. He hath done this.”
“Where is he?” asked the king. “Behold!” cried they,
pointing to the tower.

Abdallah looked, and his amazement was greater than be-
fore. Putting spurs to his horse he rode forwards, followed
by all the people, until he came in front of the great brazen
gates of the tower, when he stopped and gazed upon the
wondrous structure. Deep stillness pervaded the edifice;
there was no sign of life or habitation about it, except that
from the upper part there was gushing forth on every side a
thick black smoke which rose in slow whirls till they met
above the tower’s top, when they mingled in one vast spiral
column that went steadily up till it seemed to reach the sky.
There it spread into a dense cloud, that darkened the hea-
vens and kept the blessed sunlight from ever shining on the
godless fabric. Birds of gigantic size and monstrous shape,
some with twenty wings and some with seven heads, but all
with plumage of the brightest green, were flying about the
wreathing column, now and then dashing into the smoke and
soaring swiftly up into the cloud, or with their vast wings
partly folded suffering themselves to sink down till they al-
most touched the tower, But these strange creatures made
no sound, and seemed to be idly enjoying the smoke, rather
than seeking after prey.

Presently the king commanded the trumpets to be sounded,
and with a loud voice called upon Arphaxad to throw open
the gates and come forth. Thrice he repeated this summons,
and at the third time there was a peal as of thunder far up
in the air. The people huddled-together and looked eagerly
to see what would follow. A door flew open in the middle
of the tower, high above their heads, and disclosed the huge
form of the Egyptian sheathed in armor of brass set with
emeralds. His face could be seen only at moments, because
of the smoke that swept in eddies round his head; but its
expression was of wrath and disdain.

“Who is it that makes this turmoil at my gates?” he de-
manded in a voice that sounded like an echo of the thunder.

“ Who is it, audacious wretch ? It is the king thy master.
Come down, open these gates, and humbly throw thyself at
his feet, if thou wouldst avoid the punishment of thy mon-
strous guilt.”

The magician laughed scornfully. “ I know not of whom
you speak. I have no king, I acknowledge no master. I
had forgotten the very existence of the miserable mortal who
styles himself such. But if you wish the gates opened, your
wish shall be granted.”

So speaking, he disappeared within the tower, whose great
gates suddenly flew open and let forth a flood of black and
stinking water, bearing along in its impetuous flow the
corpses of those who had perished in the circular hall. So
mighty and swift was the flood that it swept away and

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

119

drowned many of the people, and nothing but the speed of
his horse saved the king. The good steed bore him to a hill
not far off, where he stopped and looked back at the terrible
tower. But there was no time for delay ; as the waters sub-
sided a host of hideous black genies sallied forth, chasing and
slaying the frightened multitude. A squadron of them
mounted on pale horses and headed by Arphaxad himself pur-
sued the king, who fled eastwardly towards Mount Atlas.
On the edge of the desert he was overtaken, and the genies
were about to seize him, when a mighty blast of wind swept
down from the mountains, and passing by the monarch struck
his pursuers with such force that they were all thrown upon
the ground, from which none rose alive, except their leader
the magician, who bruised and astonished fled fearfully back
to his tower.

Returning thanks to Allah for this timely interposition,
which by showing that he was under divine interposition,
had wonderfully raised his spirits from the consternation pro-
duced by the dreadful scenes he had witnessed, Abdallah
held on his way across the desert, though quite uncertain
whither he should go, or what he should expect. But some-
thing whispered to his soul that eastward, in Mount Atlas,
and there only, he would find the means to redeem his king-
dom and overthrow its proud oppressor.

(To be Continued.)

AMERICAN PROSE WRITERS.

NO. V.

HENRY T. TUCKERMAN.

As a descriptive limner and critical essayist, the fidelity
and elegance of Mr. Tuckerman’s pen, have procured for him
a large class of admirers, even among those upon whom his
vigorous independence of thought is more or less thrown
away. His bold paper on Shelley, proved, by the attention
it excited, that he possessed far stronger characteristics of
mind, than were to be found in the Elia-like felicity of style
which constituted his first claim to popularity. Unlike
Washington Irving, who, by his melodious combinations of
words, frequently satisfies the reader for exceeding diffuse-
ness of ideas, Mr. Tuckerman’s quiet beauty of language, and
delicate imagery, often so delight the mind, that we forget
for the moment, the noble thoughts which they garbed ; and
it is not until we have gratified our sense of harmony, that
we fully discern the vigorous ideas which have been thus
conveyed to the intellect. Just as in listening to the music
of Bellini, we are first struck with its exceeding tenderness,
and not until we have bathed our very souls in sweetness, do
we realize its mighty suggestiveness.

As an essayist, Mr. Tuckerman is almost without a rival.
His tales, considered merely as tales, are, we think, less suc-
cessful. They abound in graphic description and in beautiful
language, but they are only sketches. Actions, events, the
commonplace-ism of outward life, which make up so much
of the vraisemblance of a fate, are not his forte. Opinion,
sentiment, the great truths of spirit-life, and their application
to the daily wants of humanity,—these are the subjects
around which his mind and heart find their true occupations.
No one looks with gentler eye upon his kind ; in no heart is
the fountain of sympathy more generous in its outpourings.
But he seeks to do good to man, not by beguiling him from
himself with some well-constructed fiction, but rather by
bringing him to the well-spring of truth, that he may drink
and live.

“ Isabel of Sicily” was evidently designed to embody the
results of the author’s observations during a residence upon
that beautiful island. To avoid the egotism usually found in
a traveller’s journal, Mr. Tuckerman has woven a light web
of romance, and upon that embroiders his facts, thus adopting
a precisely opposite course from that of most writers. To its
somewhat injudicious title, may be attributed its want of im-
mediate popularity in this country, while running through
two editions in England. They who disdain to suffer their
intellect to dally with any thing but truth, are deterred from
looking into a work bearing so fanciful a name, while the
inveterate devourer of fiction is lamentably disappointed, be-
cause the anticipated novel is not a story of Italian passion.
Yet no one can look into the book a second time, without be-
ing struck with the acuteness, the clearness of perception,
and the high-toned philosophy of its accomplished author.

The “ Italian Sketch-book” is free from this trifling defect
of mere mechanical form, and at an earlier period of our lite-
rary history, when there were more readers and fewer wri-
ters, would have instantly secured to its author an enviable
reputation. We say fewer writers, not because Mr. Tucker-
man has been eclipsed among the many ; but simply because
writing has now become a trade, and, like all other trades,
it is so overstocked, that trickery of all sorts is necessary to
secure a clique of readers for each aspirant after fame, while
the true author, disdaining the petty arts of the mere popu-
larity-seekers, is often unheard amid the din of noisy de-
claimers.

But, as we said before, it is as the essayist, and especially
the critical essayist, that Mr. Tuckerman occupies his true
position.

“ We confess a partiality for the essay. In the literature of our
vernacular tongue it shines conspicuous, and it is environed with the
most pleasing associations. The essay is to prose literature, what the
sonnet is to poetry; and, as the narrow limits of the latter have en-
closed some of the most beautiful poetic imagery, and finished expres-
sions of sentiment, within the compass of versified writing, so, many
of the most chaste specimens of elegant periods, and of animated and
embellished prose, exist in the form of essays. * * * A volume of
essays subserves the purpose of a set of cabinet pictures, or a port-
folio of miniature drawings; they are the multum in parvo of litera-
ture ; and, perused, as they generally are, in moments of respite from
ordinary occupation, turned to on the spur of mental appetite, they
not unfrequently prove more efficient than belles-lettres allurements of
greater pretension.”

Such are Mr. Tuckerman's remarks upon the essay in his
beautiful paper on the “ Characteristics of Lamb.”  He has
done much towards proving his own assertions, and illustra-
ting his own apt comparison, for not only has he written the
most finished essays, but his hand has also framed the most
Shakesperian sonnets ever penned on this side of the great
waters. His “ Rambles and Reviews” is a book to be left
lying on one’s table,—to be taken up in those moods of the
mind, when, wearied with the petty details of common-place
outer life, we seek refreshment at the well-spring of poetic
truth. The sketches of Italian life and scenery are at once
graphic and suggestive. They are like Claude Lorraine pic-
tures, not only truthfully drawn and colored, but also possess-
ing that indescribable charm of atmosphere, which seems to
transport one instantly to the very scene depicted.

Yet, if we were called on to rescue any one portion of Mr.
Tuckerman’s prose works from destruction, we should cer-
tainly lay hold of his “ Thoughts on the Poets.” Never did
the true spirit of poetry find a nobler exponent. If any one
doubts this, let him only read the essay on Goldsmith, full
of a fine discriminating sense of the truthfulness and simpli-
city which made “poor Goldsmith” so winning as a friend,
so delightful as a writer; then let him turn to the criticism
on Pope, contained in the same volume. Compare the ap-
preciating warmth with which the critic speaks of the poet,
who

“ Cherished throughout his whole life an earnest faith in one better
nature; who realized the universal beauty and power of Love; who
rejoiced in the exercise of all those tender and noble sentiments which
are so much more honorable to man than the highest triumphs of
mind—

Compare this with his clear and critical perception of Pope,

“ The bright enamel of whose rhymes is like a frozen lake, over
which we glide like a skater before the wind, surrounded by a glitter-
ing landscape of snow.”

The hallowed mystery of a gentle mind, diseased beyond
all leech-craft,—the thrilling picture of a soul full of love and
truth, o’ertasking its powers until it found only darkness in
the infinite,—the melancholy image of a spirit framed but
to fine issues, yet yielding its tones to the rude touch of ap-
petite, were never more delicately and powerfully depicted
than in Mr. Tuckerman’s criticisms on Cowper, Shelley, and
Burns. Each of those gifted minds could say

“ My spirit’s bark Is driven
Far from the shore, far from the trembling throng
Whose sails were never to the tempest given

but few, even of their most ardent admirers, could have af-
forded so discriminating and philosophic an extenuation of
the errors which the brightness of their fame made visible to
the world.

Whether he portrays characters like these, or points us to
the more sparkling fancy of Moore, uttering itself in song,—
the chivalric muse of Campbell, breathing its trumpet-voiced
appeal in measured, but heart-thrilling tones,—the fierce and

120

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

passionate spirit of Alfieri proclaiming its powerful will in
Tuscan language but in Runic verse, he ever hears the low
breathed moaning of that oracle which dwells in the sanctu-
ary of the poet's heart. Himself a true poet, in the highest
and loftiest sense of the term, he knows how to interpret the
dark sayings of humanity.

Should it be supposed that the interest of these essays may
depend much upon the associations connected with their sub-
ject, and that therefore they afford no fair test of Mr. Tuck-
erman’s powers, we would refer to his “ Lyrical Poetry,” and
his “ Thoughts on Music,” as evidences of his poetic taste
and sensibility, while, for vigor of thought, elegance of dic-
tion, and aptness of illustration, we can find nothing finer in
our literature, than the “ Philosophy of Travel,”* and “ New
England Philosophy.”* The latter, especially, is remarkable
for its close analysis of, and its unanswerable arguments
against those modes of thinking and acting, which would
subject the warm impulses of the generous heart to the cold
dictation of the calculating head.	e.

* Published in the Democratic Review.

CITY AMUSEMENTS.

It is a matter of astonishment, that among all the benevo-
lent enterprises of the day, no society has yet been formed
for the purpose of inquiring into and bettering the amuse-
ments of the people. It is a subject of vast importance, and
one worthy of commanding the attention of reformers and
philanthropists. The school-room, the church and the press,
undergo a continual supervision by legal and self-constituted
committees, to see that the public mind be not corrupted by
improper aliment. But the Theatre, the Circus, and other
places of public amusement, are shunned, as though good
people could be contaminated by breathing even their names.
Yet the minds of the young are more powerfully affected
in their amusements, than in their studies, and deeper im-
pressions are made upon their hearts in the unguarded relax-
ation of places of recreation, than while listening to weari-
some lectures or long doctrinal sermons. Unhappily, the
theatre has been so managed for many years in this city, that
a man or woman of delicate sensibilities could not visit it.
But those who have the good of their fellow-beings at heart
are not allowed to indulge in squeamish feelings; and a vir-
tuous motive will preserve the garments of the adventurer
from contagion, even in passing through the rabble rout of
Comus. It is therefore a duly which good men owe to soci-
ety to overlook the amusements of the people, and when they
cannot abolish a pernicious amusement, they must strive to
improve it.

It seems to be quite impossible to extinguish the love of
dramatic representations. It is one of the earliest tempta-
tions which beset youth ; and the entire management of the
theatre being in the hands of unprincipled and mercenary
managers, the stage has become a prolific source of corrup-
tion to our young men. But it should not be so; and it is
the duty of the conservators of our morals to see that the
abuses of the stage, as well as the abuses of the school-room,
be abolished. It is by no means unusual to hear our preach-
ers denounce the theatre, without ever having been inside of
one; and pronounce anathemas against practices which ne-
ver had an existence. Of course, those whom it is intended
to benefit by such means only laugh at the ignorance of their
instructors, and persevere in their wicked courses. Our city
preachers and teachers should go the rounds of our public
places of amusement, that they might suggest suitable reme-
dies for their evils, if any exist. Our foreign missionaries
inquire diligently into the practices of the heathen among
whom they are sent, and become very learned in all the enor-
mities of pagan worship; they could not combat successfully

with their evil influences unless they thoroughly understood
their origin ; neither can our domestic missionaries contend
with the vices which it is their aim to overcome, unless they
thoroughly understand them.

The Bishop of London is reported to have made, recently,
a visit in disguise, in company with other benevolent men,
to the lowest haunts of the metropolis; that, by seeing the
actual condition of the lower orders, he might be able to act
intelligently in his endeavors to reform them. This is the
only way in which any good can be done by moral reformers.
Let those who declaim against theatres go to the theatres,
and learn with their own eyes what it is that is offensive in
dramatic representations. Many, we have no doubt, would
be struck with the fine morality of the plays, the purity of
the dialogue, the correct deportment of the actors, and the
forcible lessons of life which the stage presents even in its
lowest and most degraded condition ; and they would doubt-
less be astonished that an amusement of so refined a nature,
and so capable of conveying moral impressions, should suffer
from the denunciations of religious men. But let them leave
the stage, and turn to the filthy coffee-rooms and punch-
rooms of the lobbies, where abandoned men and women min-
gle freely together, where every inducement to licentiousness
and debauchery is held out to the young, as if on purpose to
counteract any good impression which the stage may have
made,—and they would no longer wonder that the Theatre
was denounced by the professedly virtuous ; but they might
well wonder why these filthy holes should be appended to
the theatre, while the lecture-room, the concert-room, and
all other places of amusement, are free from them. The
reason is very obvious. In the time of Charles the Second,
the stage, in common with every other department of art,
was highly immoral; and religious preachers of every deno-
mination, but mainly puritans, launched their loudest invec-
tives against it, as well they might; and the feeling against
the stage with us has been inherited from these puritans, and
exists now among their descendants as rankly as with them,
even when the cause which gave it birth has ceased to exist
for nearly a century. None of the indecent plays of Charles
the Second’s time have been represented in our theatres for
fifty years past; but the literature of that period, which was
tinctured with the same moral qualities that disgraced the
stage, is still preserved in our libraries, and we have no
doubt that every clergyman’s bookcase in the city contains
more objectionable reading than is presented on the stage
during a year. The truth is, that the greater number of act-
ing plays are as moral and prosy as an afternoon sermon ;
for before a play can be put upon the English stage it must
be approved by the Chamberlain, who blots out every coarse
expression and every scene of doubtful morality ; and as we
produce no plays of our own, we present only those that the
English licensers nave pronounced fit for the people.

But we still keep up the hereditary cry against the immo-
ralities of the stage; and one state in the Union forbids by
law any dramatic representation within her borders, when
the stage has become almost as moral as the pulpit. In-
deed, a good moral is an essential part of every stage perform-
ance, without which no play can be successful. No other
species of amusement demands this; yet the stage is still
called immoral, religious people are forbidden to frequent the
theatre, and only the reckless and abandoned have courage
to visit it, and it is to suit their tastes, because they form the
chief supporters of the stage, that the objectionable places
which we have hinted at have an existence. But let the thea-
tre be visited by respectable people, men of refined tastes
and good morals, and the punch-rooms and coffee-rooms

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

121

would soon be abolished, and the people would have what
they continually seek—a place of amusement where they
might derive some moral profit, while indulging in the re-
laxation from the cares of business which is necessary to pre-
serve a healthy tone in the moral and physical system.

The upper classes, as the rich are called, feel the want of
a place of public amusement, though they have a thousand
resources which the poor lack, and they are striving to esta-
blish an Italian opera house for their peculiar enjoyment;
and one of our morning papers, that holds the theatre in
such abhorrence as to exclude all dramatic advertisements
from its columns, professes to be in ecstasies with the mea-
sure. But the Italian opera, in its very highest condition, is
only the recreation of Sybarites ; it appeals only to the ani-
mal sensations, but makes no aim at the heart, which the
lowest order of dramatic entertainments professes to do. If
half the exertions which are bestowed in attempts to estab-j
lish an Italian opera in this city, were made in behalf of the
theatre to establish it on a proper basis, a place of amuse-
ment would be furnished for the people which would be ac-
ceptable and profitable to all classes. An Italian opera never
can succeed in this city. If it cannot in London and Paris
without the aid of government or government officials, how
can it be supported here, where its patrons are fewer and its
expenses higher ?

Horace Walpole, in one of his letters to Sir Horace Mann,
writes,—

“ We have got another opera, which is liked; there was to have
been a vast elephant, but the just Directors, designing to give the au-
dience the full weight of one for their money, made it so heavy that
at the Prova it broke through the stage. It was to have carried
twenty soldiers, with Monticelli on a throne in the middle. There is
a new subscription begun for next year, thirty subscribers at two hun-
dred pounds each. Would you believe that I am one? You need not
believe it quite, for I am but half an one ; Mr. Conway and I take a
share between us.”

This was in the last century, to be sure, but it is by simi-
-lar means that the Italian Opera is supported now in Lon-
don; and unless the much talked-of “upper ten thousand’’
are willing to subscribe in this munificent manner for the
amusement of each other, which we doubt exceedingly, an
Italian opera can never flourish among us.

The Fine Arts

THE PENNSYLVANIA ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS.

Considering that this institution has only been in operation
thirty-nine years, it has succeeded in accumulating an amount
of bad pictures that would seem almost incredible, were it
not that sincere conviction may be purchased for a quarter of
a dollar. There seems to have existed a kind of chemical
affinity, by which all the worst specimens of Art which came
within the sphere of its attraction were drawn irresistibly
toward it. If this hypothesis be a correct one, we can only
wish that its power of enticement had extended to some more
northerly cities. Institutions of this kind seem to be the
threads around which all the bad taste hitherto held in solu-
tion in general society hastens to crystallize itself. They
are the ravens sent by Providence to supply mediocrity with
bread in the shape of patronage.

We hardly know whereto begin noticing some few of
the many atrocities perpetrated here in the holy name of
Art; but perhaps the fairest way of settling the precedence
will be by the amount of canvass which each artist has ex-
pended. Perhaps, were we to take the aggregate amount
of Mr. Sully’s canvasses, we should find that he had display-
ed more of this liberal enthusiasm than any other gentleman
whose “works” are here exhibited, but we doubt not but

he will be willing to yield the foremost place to Mr. West,
both because he (Mr. W.) was president of the Royal Acad-
emy, and because he has sacrificed by far the largest single
canvass upon the altar of professional ambition. “ West’s
celebrated picture of Death on the Pale Horse,” as it is
styled in the panegyrical catalogue, is painted upon a can-
vass twenty-five feet long by fourteen and a half feet wide,
being almost as large as the foresail of a pilot boat, and if in
such matters, badness may be estimated by the acre, we
should not hesitate to pronounce it the worst picture in
the world. It would be hard to say whether it be more
wanting in the imaginative or the mechanical qualities of a
true painting. In both these respects it is below criticism,
and it were only a waste of time to point out its most striking
absurdities. We cannot help noticing, however, the original-
ity displayed both in the conception and execution of the flash
of lightning in the left of the picture. The impression con-
veyed by such electric displays to the mind of ordinary mor-
tals, is that of extreme swiftness, but precisely the reverse
effect seems to have been produced upon the President of a
Royal Academy. The lightning in the present case wan-
ders deliberately down and ends in a viscid drop, so that its
general appearance is like what would be produced by the
melting and running down of a ball of molasses candy which
bad been reduced to that extremity upon a street-stall by a
sudden change of weather. We cannot help imagining the
exultation which must have been felt in England when this
monstrosity was fairly rolled up and shipped to this country.
It might almost seem that its being sent hither was the re-
sult of a plot to give British tourists an additional subject of
merriment. Yet this trumpery has been carte l about the
country in every direction and exhibited, with the conni-
vances of those who should have known better, as a miracle
of Art. Editors of newspapers, who are supposed ex officio
to know every thing, pay for their tickets to such sickening
shows with half a column of flummery, and the mass of the
people forever after use this picture as a standard in measur-
ing other pictures which have no President's name attached
to them. In this way incalculable injury is done to the cause
of true Art.

Allston’s “ Dead man restored to life,” we have never been
able to admire. It displays none of that artist’s fine qualities.
The coloring is hard and niggardly, the grouping inefficient,
and the whole looks more like an attempt to paint a large
picture than a great one. Haydon's picture of “ Christ’s en-
try into Jerusalem,” which hangs on another side of the room,
is more in Allston’s style of coloring than his own picture. It
is chiefly interesting for the portraits it contains. We con-
fess that we think a great crowd of people to be hardly a fit
subject for the painter, unless, indeed, it be at such a distance
as to preclude any attempt at individualizing particular
heads. If the Artist paints all the heads with equal care it
will either seem unnatural, because the eye could not take
them all in at one moment, as in this picture, or it will de-
prive the figures of all motion and life. In Haydon’s pic-
tures all the heads in the foreground look too large.

Among many pictures which are disgraceful as works of
Art, there is one which is positively disgusting. We allude
to No. 48 in the “ North Gallery.” The subject is stated in
the catalogue as “ Time flogging Cupid.” It is, of course,
by a French Artist, and, as we turned away from it, we
could not help wishing most fervently that the mythology of
the Greeks had made Cupid a cherub, and thus precluded
him from becoming the subject of such an exposure.

One of the worst pictures in the exhibition is by Opie, R.
A. The subject is from Gil Blas. If pictures may be esti-
mated in the same way that puns were by Lamb, who con-

122

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

sidered that badness was one of the postulates for excellence,
this may be ranked as facile princeps in Art. If there can
be anything worse, it must be Mr. Sully’s copy of the same
painting. We can conceive of no object which Mr. S. could
have had in selecting this for imitation, unless it might
have been a desire to excuse in some measure the outrages
of American daubers by multiplying the specimens of one
perpetrated by an Englishman.

The Directors of the Academy have learned one artifice
from the picture dealers, and have given to the most fla-
grant violations of artistic proprieties the names of the dif-
ferent Great Masters, selected apparently at random. They
seem to have entertained a peculiar spite against Sal-
vator Rosa, the greater number being ascribed to him.
Time would fail us to enumerate particularly all the wretch-
ed spoiled canvasses which the “ Academy” have sanctioned
either by their purchase or acceptance. There are a few
good pictures here, chiefly by Flemish artists, but a foreign
visitor would be led to imagine that there were but two or
three American painters, of the works of some of whom the
Academy had succeeded in making almost complete collec-
tions, and who compared very favorably with the great for-
eign masters, specimens of whose productions may be found
hung side by side with theirs. We think that Mr. Peale
showed a truly patriotic forbearance in placing his works in
a Museum of his own, where may be seen some ten score of
portraits all with a dab of light like a sprinkling of flour on
the apex of their heads. When a visitor pays his money at
the door of that institution, he knows what he has to expect.
If he does not like the pictures he may look at the mastodon.
At the Academy, if the paintings are not to his taste, he may
look at—at—at—Mr. Pettrick’s statue of Goethe’s Mephis-
tophiles!

We have confined ourselves in this notice chiefly to the
bad pictures in this exhibition, partly because they form by
far the largest proportion, and partly because we think that
most of them disgrace the walls where they hang. We are
indignant that the public taste should continue any longer
to be miseducated by such examples. If we are to have
Academies of Art, let them be useful in one of two ways
Either let them quicken the artistic perceptions of the mass
of the people by collecting good foreign pictures, or good
copies of them; or let them (and this is better) encourage
American Art by purchasing and paying liberally for good
pictures by native artists, especially if the Artists be un.
known. Such institutions should lead the public taste in
some measure, and the purchase of a picture by them should
precede the verdict of popular taste, and not follow it.
America can now point to Artists of whom Italy or Greece
in their best days might have been proud. Why need we
make a collection of tasteless failures with foreign names at-
tached to them, while we might give employment and per-
haps bread to such men as Page and Powers !

The collection of pictures we have been noticing is the
more disgraceful to Philadelphia, because there is a great
deal of refined taste and judgment there, as well as liberal
and judicious patronage. The piece of statuary by Powers
and the picture by Leutze which we mentioned in our last,
are both for a gentleman of Philadelphia whose private
collection is as honorable to his taste as to his munificence.

THE PARDONING GOVERNOR.

We have often seen notices of pardons by the late Gover-
nor of Pennsylvania, but we had no suspicion of the extent
to which he had strained his mercy, until we saw the offi-

cial statement of the exact number of convicts whom he set
free before their term of confinement expired. The whole
number of pardons granted by Governor Porter is eight
hundred, of these, fifty-five were granted before trial. Among
the pardoned were several murderers, counterfeiters, bur-
glars, horse thieves, bigamists, incendiaries, and fraudulent
voters. A fearful list of freedmen. Of what use are laws
that must be executed by lawless men ? These eight hun-
dred rogues whom Governor Porter set free, the great part
of them beyond doubt to rob and murder again, had been
convicted at great expense to the state; and the neigh-
borhoods which they had infested, had no doubt looked upon
themselves as happily rid of dangerous members: but the
expense must all be incurred again by the state, and throats
must be cut, and houses fired again, because the governor,
one weak-minded or dishonest man to whom the people gave
power over their lives and fortunes, chose to have it so.
Another Governor is the very opposite of Governor Porter,
either very honest or very hard hearted, and will grant no
pardons under any circumstances, and convicts who had
been accidentally condemned must suffer years of confine-
ment, because the Governor (the one man again) will have
it so.

What absurdity to talk of justice, when the execution of
the law depends upon the whim of an individual ! If one
Governor may pardon eight hundred convicts, why may not
some other Governor hereafter make a general jail delivery
and pardon all convicts. If Governor Porter may pardon fif-
ty-five indicted criminals before trial, what is there to pre-
vent some other Governor releasing all offenders before trial ?
Nothing could more plainly show the folly of the majority
of the whole people making a law, and then giving one man
the power to render it null, than the exposure of Governor
Porter’s suspicious mercy. The Americans are strangely
reckless of power: having it in their own hands, and having
never felt the want of it themselves, nor suffered much from
its abuse by others, they give it away as though it were
little worth. They give it to their rulers as though their
rulers were angels, and could not use it improperly. They
are credulous to a degree passing belief. It never seems to
have occurred to the people of the United States, that their
executive officers could do wrong ; to think so would be a re-
flection upon the people themselves, for the officers, are they
not taken from the people? But the conduct of Governor
Porter of Pennsylvania has caused a suspicion in some minds
that the State Executive enjoys too much power, and a
proposition has already been introduced into the Pennsylva-
nia legislature requiring the consent of the Senate to a par-
don by the Governor. In the most democratic state in the
Union, Massachusetts, the advice and consent of the Gover-
nor’s council is necessary to a pardon.

Governor Porter must be a singularly weak-headed man,
or the courts in Pennsylvania must be strangely corrupt, to
allow of eight hundred men being sent wrongfully to prison.
We flatter ourselves that we are governed by our own laws,
but we are mainly governed by the whims of one man to
whom we give power to render null and void all our laws.
An elective monarchy is certainly an improvement upon an
hereditary monarchy, but it is only an improvement, and a
slight one too ; our people are almost as far from believing
that all power rests with them, and that they have pow-
er to govern themselves, as the subjects of Nicholas or
Queen Victoria.

We do not condemn governor Porter; he may have been
moved by merciful considerations in setting the rogues free
that the court had condemned to imprisonment; but he or
the judiciary of the state must have been strangely want-
ing in honesty or capacity, or so great a number of men
c[o]uld not have been convicted unjustly, or unjustly set
set at liberty.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

123

Original Poetry.

GABRIELLE.

How I loved thee, dearly loved thee,
None can tell,

But the heart that still adores thee,
Gabrielle!

Thou hast left me, ay deceived me,
Know I well;

But I never can forget thee,

Gabrielle.

In the quiet midnight hour
Thou art nigh :

In my dreams thy gentle power
Flitteth by:

And upon my fevered brain
Thy holy spell
Cometh like an olden strain
We loved so well.

Though unknown and unregretted
I may fade,

I shall never cease to love thee,
Faithless maid;

For my pathway, lone and dreary,
Through life’s cell,

By thy smile was made leas dreary,
Gabrielle.

On my grave, when I am gone,
Drop a tear

For the heart with anguish torn
Now with’ring here;
When departed, think of him
Who loved so well,

And if then thine eyes should dim,
Gabrielle ?

For that tear thy spirit lover,

Fleet and fast,

Round thy footsteps e’er shall hover
Till the last;

And with music’s sweetest numbers,
Holy swell:

Angels bright shall guard thy slumbers,
Gabrielle.

February, 1845.

S. A. W.

THE WIFE OF LOT.

“ And the sun was risen upon the earth when Lot entered Zoar.	

“ But his wife looked back from behind him, and she became a pil-
lar of salt.

Genesis.

“ Arise, and flee hence, and turn not back !”
The angel to the godly patriarch said—

“ Tarry thou not for kindred, herd, nor flock !"
And Lot arose and forth the city fled

Onward to Zoar. And clinging to his side
Were they on whom as yet no blemish lay,

And the true wife—the true, and oh ! how tried !
With lingering footstep followed on the way.

Alas for her, sad mother ! whose torn heart
Felt love’s strong chain to these her being bind;
Yet clave to them, her being’s other part—

To them, the doomed, that she had left behind.

And Lot sped onward, while the sandy plain
Gleam’d ’neath their hurrying feet. But Zarah turned—
And lo! on Sodom fell the fiery rain,

And the far mountains heaved, and wildly burned,

And from their summits fiercely hurled their blaze,
As hurls high Jove his thunderbolts in ire;
Lighting the roofs, till ’neath her frenzied gaze
The city flamed like one vast funeral pyre.

And oh ! the agony that rent her breast,

While from her eyes the heart’s warm torrent burst—
To know the forms her arms maternal pressed,

Were ashes there beneath yon pile accursed.

“ Alas !” she wildly cried, “ here would I die!

Mine eyes may look no more on all I cherish!

Too much for life henceforth were memory !

Since they are saved, with these, oh ! let me perish !''

Oh ! mourning mother! long upon the plain
She stood—her watch in tearful anguish keeping;
Till the warm blood congealed within each vein,
And all to stone she turned with bitter weeping.

MARY E. HEWITT.

THE LECTURE ROOM.

MR. HUDSON'S LECTURE ON HAMLET.

The new lecturer on Shakspeare had been gazetted from
Boston as something of a lion, in which respect we cannot
help considering that he had been very ill classified. His
eye, manner, eagerness, and especially the avidity with
which he pounces upon a truth as if he would tear out the
very heart of the mystery, characterize him as belonging to
the ornithological part of creation—a hawk or vulture, rather
than a lion. He has none of the paces of the lion, nothing
of the roar loud and continuous, or low and dulcet—for your
lion, your literary lion, as wisely remarked by Bottom, is very
apt to degenerate into the sucking dove.

Mr. Hudson was expected to make a sensation. He had
made a sensation in Boston—would the canes and gloves of
New York respond? This is, as a question, by no means
necessarily to be answered in the affirmative. Civilization
and intelligence, we are told, are always proportioned to the
density of the population, and New York being huge and
metropolitan, it must be considered that what is a thirty-two
pounder in the provinces is a mere pop-gun here, by the sheer
force of mathematical accumulation. Hence it follows that
New York can bear a celebrity from any other part of the
country, with great equanimity, while the reverse movement
has frequently called to mind the frog in the fable. What-
ever Mr. Hudson maybe elsewhere, in New York he is
simply a man, a cultivated man, originally of strong mind
and vigorous perception, with these rare natural faculties
strengthened by judicious reading. Here let him appear
what he is, and he will be welcome. Anything extrinsic is
“ leather and prunella.” There are one or two points of
manner about Mr. Hudson that, we might as well state it at
once, however telling they may be elsewhere, can be dis-
pensed with to advantage here. Such are some of the un-
utterable chokings, the ineffable grins, and the foolish apolo-
gy which preceded the lecture. His own laugh at one
point betrayed him—at a peculiarly abdominal utterance of
the word practical, during which he tied up his own muscles
to relax those of the company. If the thing is to be done in
this way, let it be so advertised. Shakspeare through a horse
collar might draw upon the Park audiences, but the divines,
the lawyers, the literateurs, who graced the Society Library
on Monday evening, can dispense with the wrigglings and
grins with which Mr. Hudson, like the early Methodists, de-
livers his conceptions. We are not at all disparaging Mr.
Hudson, which we should be, on the contrary, if we took
these painful and ludicrous twistings for any thing natural or
harmonious with the mind within.

In our view of a lecture on Shakspeare, we are about to pay
Mr. Hudson a high and deserved compliment, by saying that
his lecture, in tone and thought, might have been written by

124

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

the poet Dana. There was the same inward depth and com-
mand of the outer world, the same profound constructiveness
and freedom from mere dogmatism. The separate thoughts
may not have been original—that is, uttered for the first time,
a very shabby definition of originality, by the way) but there
was the innate strength of mind to grasp and mould them
into one consistent whole. The thinking was of the right j
manly sort, stopping at no half-way house of decencies, but
going forth right to the end of the journey, fall who might
by the way. Many a bleeding victim was left by Mr. Hud-
son prostrate on the path. Poor Dr. Paley with his plausi-
ble morals, an army of pretenders, who seem rather than are,
and a score of politicians. The latter received their death
wound from a gun resting on the shoulder of Polonius. We
shall not readily forget the miserable demagogue whose
secret is to find out the tendencies of the mass, and put him-
self in the van—“ a trick requiring only long legs, a short
head, and no heart at all." This was one of Mr. Hudson’s
points which told well, and by the way, seeing how much
he himself gains from this harmless stage effect, he might
have spared the poor actors the gird he put in, in the Ophe-
lia scene—other sayings were as good, but the rapid succes-
sion of short, close, sinewy sentences, have driven them from
our memory. We remember one happy illustration, refer-
ring to the noisy pretenders, and the silence of true greatness.
“We hear the crackling of burning straw, but not the rays
of the sun in heaven." These are words that savor not at
all of the mountebank. The pointed antithetical character
of the politician, would have done honor to Butler and the
best of the old Character Writers. The analysis of the cha- J
racter of Hamlet was ingenious, and if not convincing, it was
at least well defended by a numerous light infantry of brilliant i
truths. The ground taken was that Hamlet feigned insanity,
and so closely that he was subject to all the laws of the real
melancholy. The most that can be done with Hamlet is to 
take some theory as a nucleus, like the thread of the sugar
manufacturer, for the crystallization of a whole world of
truth and philosophy. The sarcasm with which that “code
of Chesterfieldianism,” the instructions to 1-aertes, was top-
pled over, was righteously expended, and the depth of feeling
for Ophelia, was an earnest to us of what we may expect in 
the lecturer's development of the great Shakspearian female
life.

THE CONCERT ROOM.

“ Musical Criticism.”—Under this head, the editor of the 
Evening Mirror, comments with much indignation upon
some remarks made by us a week or two ago, upon a young
vocalist: he also informs us that we have been most shock-
ingly mangled by the Brooklyn Daily Advertiser. Now 
this we are really sorry for, as we both respect and esteem
its excellent editor, Dr. Northall, for many reasons.

We have not seen his remarks, but we are acquainted
with their import, and we feel ourselves compelled to say,
that considering the very near relationship in which the
doctor stands to the young lady in question, those remarks,
though perfectly natural, were impolitic and in bad taste.

In answer to the editor of the Mirror, we must reiterate
what we have before said, that his musical opinions are of
no value; they would not even serve as make weight to a
doubting mind. His criticisms, as criticisms, are without
meaning: being a mere string of strained similies, far-fetch-
ed images, irrelevant rhapsodies, which, though expressed
by a strange mixture of quaintness and bombast, flippancy
and earnestness, bear no internal evidence that they spring

either from a knowledge or a love of the subject in discus-
sion.

The editor of the Mirror has earned, by his after supper
lucubrations, the honorable title of Operatic Puffer; he has
worked hard for the distinction and has justly gained it, but
what benefit his labors have conferred upon the cause of
music it would be impossible to discover. He has endea-
vored to foster a false standard of taste, by exalting (O pow-
er of imagination !) merely good talent into superior genius ;
he has encouraged negligence and slovenliness in every de-
partment, by indiscriminate commendation. This may be
called good nature, but it is not justice, and such a course
of conduct cannot command the respect of any one.

Our course must of necessity be entirely opposite to this.
We do not write to elevate the individual at the expense of
the Art, but we are striving to raise the Art by preserving
it and its professors in a course of integrity.

Our remarks upon Miss Northall, are designated by the
editor of the Mirror, as injudicious, flippant, and ill-natured.
This is a charge he is by no means justified in making. We
might, with equal justice, accuse him of dishonorable mo-
tives in writing up Pico at the expense of Borghese ; or we
might say that he puffed up the Opera concern, day after
day, for the sole purpose of gaining the artists’ gratuitous
services at a “ complimentary concert.” We do not say this,
but he has given us a right to do so, by wilfully misconstru-
ing our intentions. We have done him the justice to be-
lieve him honest in his intentions, and we have a right to
expect the same consideration from him.

We have always endeavored to assist the young, but we
conscientiously believe, that confirming them in their faults,
whatever they may be, by indiscriminate and fulsome flat-
tery, such as “ one of a brilliant constellation of talent,” &c.,
&c., is not an act of friendship, but on the contrary, an un-
kind and wilful deviation from the truth, entailing upon the
author well merited contempt for his mendacity, and upon
the subject, a long account of falsely raised expectations, and
a sad history of blighted hopes. Under this conviction, we
have chosen the sterner course ; we may wound and offend
—though never intentionally, at first, but we shall soon be
understood, and we do not fear the result.

Gratuitous Services at Charitable Concerts.—We
have neither space nor time this week, to enter upon this
subject as largely as we could wish. We will simply define
the duty the professor owes to the public, when once his
name is announced in the bills as a gratuitous performer.
Having allowed the beneficiary the attraction of his name
(however small that attraction may prove to be) he should
consider that he has made an engagement which he is bound
in honor to fulfil, not only to the letter, but in the spirit.
How very rarely such obligations are observed, we well
know. We will mention two of recent occurrence, illustra-
ting forcibly how the letter and the spirit of such engage-
ments are observed.

At the benefit concert at the Transfiguration Church,
Madame Pico was announced to sing. She did not appear.
What was to compensate for the absence of the chief attrac-
tion? Was not this violating the letter of the engagement.
A most exquisite septett by Hummel was to be performed,
Mr. W. A. King taking the piano-forte. Mr. King could get
no perfect rehearsal of the piece, but he was assured that
the persons appointed to play it, had played it frequently
before. He was compelled to be satisfied. In the evening,
when the time came for its performance, there was no one
to play the horn part. There were two horn players pre-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

125

sent, Messrs. Whoening and Nidds, both efficient, we sup-
pose, or their reputation is false. They both refused stea-
dily, the former, mark this well! knowing it well, having
played it before, and seemed quite indifferent to the painful
situation in which Mr. King was placed. All this time the
Director was hurrying the performance on, saying in an au-
dible voice, “ go on, go on—never mind, play it without the
horn,—we can’t stay here all night.” Mr. King, however,
very justly refused, and finally Mr. Groenvelt, much to his
honor as a man and a musician, undertook to play as much
of the horn part as possible upon the clarionette. The piece
was hurried on by the conductor, Signor Rapetti, in a very
indecent manner, his impatience to retire being evident to
the audience. The septett was beautifully played, under all
these disadvantages, and was beyond a doubt the only wor-
thy performance of the evening. Even if the gentlemen
hornplayers were not engaged to play in the septett, under
the circumstances, their feelings both as men and as musi-
cians should have induced them, for the honor of their art,
to afford their necessary aid. But to some men art has no
other signification than cash.

The violation of the spirit of the agreement rests either
with the performers or the conductor.

The second instance occurred only last Saturday evening,
at the Benefit Concert of the Italian Opera. After allowing
the names to appear in the advertisements, in the large pos-
ters and small programmes, (a cheap way to gain notoriety)
when the audience was assembled, excuses were sent from
Madame Arnoult, Miss Northall, Signor De Begnis and Val-
tellina. Being in fact the sum total of the “ brilliant constel-
lation,” as the Mirror would say. These excuses were re-
ceived by the audience with derision and contempt as they
deserved, and we should be glad if the public would mark their
just disgust at such conduct upon their next public perform-
ance.

Madame Otto, Miss De Luce, and a Miss Sobienski, and
Signor Sanquirico, appeared, we understand, but of their
performances we cannot speak, as the customary compliment
of tickets was withheld from us.

The Drama.

Olympic Theatre.—A new Burlesque, entitled “ Joe Mil-
ler and his men,” was produced at this theatre last week. It is a tra-
vestie upon the celebrated melo-drama of the Miller and his Men.
The incidents are identically the same, but the dialogue is done into
doggrel, full of point, wit, and humor. The actors throughout make
a signal failure in their conception of the ger us of burlesque. Instead
of acting burlesque with an intensity of seriousness, and thus height-
ening the absurdity, they render nonsense still more nonsensical, and
thus miss the point entirely.

The scenery throughout the evening was extremely beautiful. Mr.
Bengough has the eye and the feeling of a true artist, with an admira-
ble power of elaborating his ideas. The piece was of course put upon
the stage in excellent style, but it will not succeed.

The Leader of the Orchestra should content himself with playing
the music set down for him, and cease indulging in such very ques-
tionable "fun.”

Chatham Theatre.—This establishment re-opened on
Monday last. During the recess it has been entirely repainted, newly
decorated, and a new stage has also been laid down. It is now, cer-
tainly, the most elegant theatre in the city.

We hate imposition in every way—playing an old piece (the Va-
grant) with a new name, is a gross imposition. “True Blue” is a
nautical, patriotic, not-to-be-believed drama, Americanised from the
English, in which one Yankee tar does battle with an incalculable
number of Britishers, and whips them all to nothing. Sundry very
equivocal speeches are made, which had much better be omitted.

Mr. Freer is not at home as the Sailor. Mr. Winans is very droll,
but somewhat too broad in his acting. Miss Orville, who has a tine

voice and is an elegant dresser, was encored in a very pretty song,
“ When the moon on the lake is beaming,” and received a shower of
bouquets from her admirers.

“ The Devil in Paris” is postponed for the present.

NEW ILLUSTRATED WORKS.

The Devotional Family Bible, by the Rev. Alexander Fletcher, A. M., au-
thor of the Guide to Family Devotion, Scripture History, &c., containing
the Old and New Testaments, with explanatory notes, practical observa-
tions, copious marginal references, &c., every part embellished with a highly
finished engraving on steel, including views of the principal ; laces men-
tioned in Scripture, from drawings taken on the spot. New York, R. Mar-
tin A Co., 26 John street. Part 1st. Price 25 cents.

We believe this to be the cheapest and most elegant edition of the
Bible which has been published in this country. The paper and letter-
press are both of the highest order, and the embellishments, though
copied from pictures which are almost universally known, are execu-
ted in a style of art to make them acceptable, even to those who al-
ready possess copies of them from other sources. The view's to be
given in future numbers, from drawings by Catherwood and Bartlett,
will constitute the chief pictorial value of this splendid edition of the
Bible. We have always regarded any efforts of the imagination,
whether executed by the pen or pencil, as sadly out of place on the
page of Holy Writ, and we should, therefore, look with as little favor
upon the Moses, by Sir Joshua Reynolds, in this initial number, as up-
on the devotional reflections appended to each page, by the Reverend
editor. The majority of Bible readers think differently, we believe,
and to them the reflections and the embellishments of this edition, will
be alike acceptable, while the real illustrations, the actual views of
Bible-places, will be acceptable to all. Our remarks are intended to
apply solely to the principle of Scriptural illustrations, and not to the
merits of those referred to, which are of the highest excellence per se,
and quite beyond the reach of criticism at this day.

We cannot claim any particular national credit for the excellence of
this work, for the greater part of it is of foreign manufacture. It is
not, however, a whit the less valuable on that account. The paper is
manufactured in this country, expressly for the work, and several of
the forth-coming designs will be from the burin of Smillie, who stands
at the very head of landscape engravers of the present day. Alto-
gether, it is a work of great beauty, and we trust that the enterprising
publishers will find a profitable sale for it, as we have little doubt of
their doing.

The Apocrypha, we understand, will be published in a separate
part, but uniform with the others, so that subscribers may take it, or
not, at their discretion.

LITERARY NOTICES.

A Reply to past or the Bishop's Statement. By John Jay, one of the

counsel originally employed by the presenting Bishops. Stanford &

Swords, 139 Broadway.

We have no expectation that Mr. Jay’s pamphlet will be the last
which the unhappy trial of Bishop Onderdonk will call forth, but it is
the last one that we shall notice in our Journal. The Bishop and his
friends appear to have acted with little wisdom In giving notoriety to
the particulars of his singular case. It is greatly to be lamented that
the public mind should have been so disturbed by the controversies
growing out of this trial; it was a matter which concerned the Epis-
copal Church alone, and the seemingly deep interest which the public
have evinced in regard to it, arises from a pure love of gossip, height-
ened by the supposed immoralities which were to be revealed. The
harm done to the community by filling the minds of the young with
filthy details of scandalous transactions, and exciting their passions
by the bitter personalities of men who are looked upon as heralds of
peace, is greater, we fear, than the good which many Bishops will
be likely to effect in many years.

Mr. Jay’s pamphlet was called out by a rather direct insinuation
against him, in one of the Bishop’s communications to the public,
which he could not well let go unnoticed. His reply is temperate, re-
spectful and dignified. He has certainly succeeded in freeing him-
self from any charge of improper conduct or motives in the part he
took towards procuring the presentment of the Bishop ; or in procur-
ing witnesses after the presentment had been made. It seems to be
a difficult matter, according to Mr. Jay’s Statement, to please the
Bishop and his friends. They complain as loudly against those who
neglected to make charges against him as against those who did.
Considering Use vantage ground which Mr. Jay occupies, we cannot

126

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

but commend the forbearance and christianlike spirit which induced
the exceedingly moderate and forgiving tone of his reply. It would
have been better for all parties, if all who have felt themselves
bound to come before the public with their views and facts had mani-
ested the same spirit.

The Age. A Satire pronounced as a Valedictory Poem before the New York

Society of Literature, at its Second Anniversary, January 23, 1845. By

Alfred Wheeler. C. Shepard, 191 Broadway.

" In presenting the following Poem,” says Mr. Wheeler in his pre-
face, “ the author regrets that neither time nor opportunity has been
afforded for such corrections and additions as would, in his humble
judgment, add much to its merit.” Mr. Wheeler has done himself an
injustice by putting forth his Satire without first making the additions
hinted at, for which, we suppose, the " New York Society of Litera
ture” must be held accountable. All the satirical parts of Mr. Whee-
ler’s “ Satire” appear to have been left out, for we have not been able
to discover anything that bears a resemblance to satire in a very care-
ful reading which we gave it; and the "personal friends” who urged
its publication before the necessary additions could be made which its
title calls for, showed but little discretion in their friendship for the
satirist. The freedom of the press has put an end to satire. When
men have the privilege to abuse wrong-doers in plain prose, there is
no inducement to insinuate abuse against them under the cover of as-
sumed names in rhyme. The open blackguardism in which editors of
newspapers and their correspondents indulge, makes all satire in
rhyme appear extremely weak and unpalatable. But the vices of the
age which are every day held up to derision in all manner of ways,
cannot possess much zest when slightly alluded to in ten-syllable ver-
ses, after the manner of the satirists of the last century.

Mr. Wheeler satirizes the stage in the following verses, which we
extract as a specimen of his manner :

" Now turn we, in our plaudits of the age,

To scan the beauties of the modern stage.

I mean not living beauties, who amuse
Themselves and us with powder, chalk, and rouge;

But the refinement and legitimacy

Which make the drama now so rich and racy.

Time was when men of genius there were needed,

To act the parts which else would pass unheeded ;

But now, ’twill answer if they’re almost fools—

Besides, they make the most efficient tools.

Thus tragedy and comedy are scarce,

For both are blended in the vulgar farce;

And once, ’twas thought, that they who judged the play,

Around the boxes sat in bright array—

That honor we’ve accorded to the pit,

With whom all jest and bombast pass for wit;

And as they like the mimic rage or tears,

So they reward with hisses or with cheers.

The best of every play is never seen—

That which is hid from us behind the screen ;

When Hamlet and the Ghost sit tete-a tete,

Or Richard dead becomes intemperate;

Or when Othello rants at Desdemona
Because she didn’t die the way he’d shown her.”

It is some time since we read the Rosciad, but we think we may
safely aver that it contains nothing like this.

The "New York Society of Literature” has made us acquainted
with this new satirist, and the satirist has introduced us for the first
time to an acquaintance with the "New York Society of Literature.”
We shall of course hear from the society and the satirist again.

My own Story; or the Autobiography of a Child. By Mary Howltt. D. Ap-
pleton & Co., 200 Broadway.

This volume completes the series of “ Tales for the People and
their Children,” written by Mrs. Howitt. It is womanly, gentle, and
gossipping; full of little pathetic episodes, and sketches of in-door
humble life. Those who have read the other books of the series, will
of course read this ; and in reading it will hardly fail to derive as
much profit and enjoyment as the others have imparted.

The Columbian Lady's and Gentleman's Magazine for March. Israel Post,
3 Astor House.

The pictorial illustrations of this number of the Columbian arc a
mezzotint by Sadd, from Hilton’s picture of the Raising of Lazarus,
and a line engraving by Jewett and Rolph, from a design by J. L.
Morton of General Putnam’s Escape at Horse Neck. There is a plate
of ladies' fashions for March, neatly colored, which we suppose is not
considered an illustration, it being chiefly valuable for the informa-
tion it contains, and not for any novel ideas on the aesthetics of dress.
One of the best papers in the Magazine is by Mr. Tuckerman, form-
ing No. 5 of a series called “ Thoughts on the Poets.” The subject of
the present paper is Gray, for whom Mr. Tuckerman evinces a strong
fellow-feeling, and a very thorough appreciation of his character and
genius.

Dunigan's Illustrated Edition of the Holy Bible, according to the Douay and
Rheimish Versions.

Nos. 21, 22, and 23, of this finely illustrated edition of the Roman
Catholic version of the Scriptures, contain three elegantly designed
and engraved family records for births, deaths, and marriages. The
scroll work shows a better taste and a higher degree of knowledge in
this kind of design, than we have before seen in an American publi-
cation.

Observations on the best means of Presesrving the Teeth. By M. Levett,

Dentist, 264 Broadway.

A neat little pamphlet, with very plain and simple directions for
keeping the teeth in order.

The Brigand. By G. P. R. James, Farmer and Daggers, 30 Ann st.

This, we believe, is Cour de Leon, one of Mr. James’s popular no-
vels ; it will probably be found quite equal, under its new title, to a
new novel by the same author.

Twenty-Fourth Annual Report or the Bloomingdale Asylum

for the Insane, for the year 1845.

The condition of the inmates of this well known Institution are so
pleasantly set forth in this report, that the term unfortunate hardly
seems applicable to them. The following short extract in regard
to their social condition at the Asylum sounds very unlike an account
of the insane.

“ On one evening of each week a party assembles in the family par-
lor, for the purpose of social intercourse. The officers and from fifteen
to twenty of the patients, both ladies and gentlemen, are generally
present. The ordinary refreshments of evening parties, are served on
these occasions. Balls are occasionally given, at which a greater
number of the patients assemble than at the parties. At the last en-
tertainment of this description there were about thirty of each sex,
which does not materially differ from the number ordinarily in atten-
dance. The festivities ot the evening afforded very general satisfac-
tion. There was cheerfulness wiihout extreme hilarity, gaiety with-
out boisterousness, and a pervading disposition to participate in the
enjoyment—to please and to be pleased.

MUSICAL INTELLIGENCE.

We call the attention of our readers to the advertisement
of Mr. George Loder's Grand Classical Concert, which takes place at
the Apollo Saloon this evening, Feb. 22d. It will be without doubt
the finest concert of the season, and every lover of music should con-
sider it a duty to attend.

A host of talent is at present in New Orleans. Ole Bull,
the Seguins, Frazer, with Van Praag, Borghese, and Perozzi, Henry
Phillips, the Slomans, And a Madame Hammerskold (who both as pi-
anist and vocalist is spoken of by the New Orleans papers at some-
thing very great), and some others.

Mr. Henry Phillips is said to have made a very profitable
speculation of hit tour through the States. He will return here in the
spring, give a few concerts, perhaps, and return to England to be pre-
sent at the various Grand Musical Festivals, which would all be im-
perfect without him.

We have one item of news which will, we are sure, be
highly acceptable to our musical friends. The French Opera will be
here about July. That most charming person and sweet singer, Ma-
demoiselle Calve, will be the leading vocalist. Grand Opera will be
performed, such as Meyerbeer’s Robert le Diable, Les Huguenots,
Auber’s Gustave, Herold’s Zampa, &c. &c. It is, however, said, and
we regret to hear it, that Mons. and Madame Lecourt will not be of
the company. We may be able to report something more definite in
a week or two. The performance will be, we believe, at the Park
theatre.

THE BROADWAY CARNIVAL.

During the last week this famous thoroughfare presented an ap-
pearance of gaiety, which few streets in any city of the world could
have equalled. If Boz had been looking from the windows of the
Carlton House, he would have received a very different impression of
the Broadway temperament, from what he did when he made his
notes in regard to that avenue. He would have had no occasion to
lament the absence of organ grinders or ballad singers, for his ears
would have been filled with the merriest chimes of bells that he ever
listened to. The bells that clanged in the ears of Toby Veck were

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

127

dumb bells, compared with the lively jingling little rattlers that filled
the air with music in Broadway, the last week. All the world, but
especially the dressed-up part of it, the women and children, treated
itself to a sleigh ride. Why should it not? It was less expen-
sive than walking. A glorious ride in a scarlet sleigh, emblazoned
with fanciful devices, covered with buffalo robes and drawn by twenty
milk-white horses, each one wearing gay trappingc of little bells, cost
only sixpence. Whole shoals of infants and nursery maids dashed
along in the highest glee, shouting and clapping their hands from the
very farthest verge of up-towndom, somewhere in the neighborhood
of the Croton reservoir, down to the bowling-green, where they were
whirled round in a style to break the heart of a Jehu lor envy. The
sleighing was not only very fine, and the weather very tempting, but
people knew that it was the last for the season, and so they went to
work to make the most of it; and really we cannot conceive how more
could have been made out of it.

Where all the bells came from, all the fine sleighs, all the buffalo
robes, all the prancing horses, all the fine ladies, all the feathers, all
the satins, all the red-cheeked children, all the pretty nurses, all the
laughter, the good humor, the sunshine, the men, the bustle, and the
merriment, we cannot pretend to guess. In the dull month of Febru-
ary, they were miraculous. Let no foreign traveller ever give his im-
pressions of New York, until he has seen sleighing in Broadway.
There is nothing like it for fun and jollity in the world. The Carnival
is a Connecticut fast-day in comparison,

Notices to Readers and Correspondents.— We have the pleasure
of announcing to our readers, that hereafter, Edgar A. Poe and Henry
C. Watson, will be associated with the Editorial department of our Jour-
nal. Mr. Watson, will have entire control of the Musical department
of the paper, and will give to it the full benefit of his well known abilities.

The illustration which we had intended for this week’s paper, a highly
popular subject, which would have pleased all, and offended none, unfor-
tunately was spoiled in the cutting, and we have none other to take the
place which we had intended it should occupy. We shall guurd against
such accidents in future.

A very good natured gentleman, an editor himself, called at our office to
tell Mr. Bisco, that he thought we had faults. We have not heard of a
more sensible thing since we commenced our editorial career. To relieve
this gentleman’s mind from any anxious doubts that he may entertain in
regard to our perfections, we hasten to assure him that we have faults,
very great ones too, which he has probably never discovered, though we
endeavor to hide them, so that others shall not see them. This may be
hypocrisy, but we believe that this gentleman considered it a fault in us,
that we find fault with others. This would be a very serious fault if it
were done in mere wantonness, or from ill nature, but when fault is
found professionally, there should be no more blame attached to the finder,
than to a physician who informs a patient that his liver is diseased. We
have never troubled ourselves to hunt up mistakes, but aimed solely to
point out errors of principle in the works which we have noticed, and by
this rule we shall always be guided. Personalities will always be avoided
in our columns, but the perpetrator of a false principle in literature or
art, must, of course, be made the object at which the battering-ram of criti-
cism is directed. But this can be done with a sole view to demolish the
principle, without any intent of injuring the person.

     We published, a month ago, an account of a new discovery in the art of

reproducing engravings, and called attention to a specimen produced by
the new process, which we had received from London, and hung up in
our office. The Mirror of Tuesday evening, reprints the article, 
and gives credit for it to the Britannia, and at the same time states that
a specimen had been published by the Art-Union of this city. The article
in the Mirror appeared first in the Art-Union, a monthly Magazine,
published in London, in which Magazine the specimen alluded to first
appeared. The American Art-Union of this city has not published any
specimen, as a matter of course. We make this explanation simply be-
cause the American Art-Union has some twenty-five hundred subscribers,
who might be looking for their copy of the “ specimen," and attach blame
to the officers of the institution for neglecting to send it to them. The
Art-Union, the London Art-Union, and the American Art-Union, are
three very distinct affairs, but a similarity of names leads to very frequent
mistakes by our press, when alluding to them.

The "  Crossing’s Sweeper,” is very much to our mind, and creditable
to the author’s heart and talents ; but parts of it are so marred by mere
neglect, that we cannot publish it in its present state, although strongly
tempted to do so.

The editor of the Philadelphia Sun has misunderstood our remarks on
the Magazines : we certainly bear them no ill will, and do not see how
they can possibly interfere with our own circulation. We thought that
we paid them a very high compliment in saying that they were the best, I
almost the only patrons of our native writers. We are extremely happy j
to learn that Graham paid Cooper fifteen hundred dollars in seventeen
months, and that Godey keeps almost as many ladies in his pay as the 
Grand Turk ; but we have heard of writers, whose articles are certainly |
equal to any thing of Cooper's that we have seen in Graham, to whom |
that munificent publisher pays nothing.

MENDELSSOHN’S LOBGESANG.

Mr. GEORGE LODER respectfully announces to



the public of New York that his CLASSICAL CONCERT will take place
at the Apollo Rooms, on February 22d, 1844. (Washington’s Birthday,) when
will be produced, for the first time in America, the

LOBGESANG, OR HYMN OF PRAISE,

Allegro Maestoso e Vivace—Allegretto Agitato—Adagio

Religioso.

Chorus—“ All men, all things, praise the Lord.”

Solo—“ Praise ye the Lord,” .... Mrs. E. Loder
Solo—“ Sing ye praise, all ye redeemed,/ .	. Sig Antognini.

Chorus—“All ye that cried unto the Lord,” ....
Duetto—“ 1 waited for the Lord,” . Mrs. E. Loder, and Miss E. Watson.
Solo—“ The sorrows of death are closing,” ... Sig Antognini.
Chorus—“ The Night is departing,”	....

Duetto—“ I sing of thy loving kindness,”	.	. Mrs. E. Loder and

„	, „	Sig Antognini.

Grand Chorus—“ The Nations offer to the Lord.”

PART II.

Overture—“Zauberflote,” •	Mozart.

New Canzonetta—“ La Veglia,” (canzone del Conte Pepoli)

Jules Benedict..............Miss De Luce.

OFFERTORIUM,

For Voice and Violin Solo .	.	. Mrs. E. Loder and Sig Rapetti.

Chorus and Orchestra, composed by Vieuxtemps, for the opening of the
church of St. Renacle, Ververs, Belgium.

New Song—“ The Soldier’s Glory,” composed and sung by Sig. Antognini.

Aria—“Cujus Animum,” Mr. Salmonski..................Rossini.

Overture—“ Des Deux Journee,”....................Cherubini.

DIRECTOR.............................MR. GEORGE LODER.

Tickets for sale at the various Music Stores.

TICKETS ONE DOLLAR—Family Tickets, to admit five persons, Three
Dollars.

FAMILY groups

TAKEN by Mons. EDOUART in an unique style pe-

culiarly his own, which has been patronized by the Crowned heads of Eu-
rope and the most distinguished families of America. Mons. E. begs to ob-
serve that his likenesses are true to nature, and that the manner he disposes
of the figures constituting his Family Group has always elicited the highest

commendation from eminent artists of both hemispheres. The large num-
ber of groups in his possesion (which are for sale,) evince his natural talent.

     A collection of 150,000 likenesses with autographs ap, ended, preserved in
books and large groupings of distinguished characters, are testimonials of his
unrivalled skill. Those who wish to leave mementos to posterity should not
lose the present opportunity. A call at his exhibition room (free) will satisfy
all that these works are entirely unique and capable of resisting the destruc-
tive influences of time.—His Fireside Group-, representing the members of
families united, which union must be of short duration, separations occur-
ing by marriage, change of location and demise, can be faithfully preserved
in the works of Mons. Edouart, thus affording mementos to those remaining,

of time past, and to posterity, of ancestors long since departed.

Mons. E. leaves for Europe in a short lime. An early visit from patrons
at No. 285 Broadway, near Granite Buildings, is solicited and will receive
immediate attention, or attendance at the family residence if required.

DISBROW’S RIDING SCHOOL,

NO. 408, BOWERY, near Astor and La Fayette

Places. New York.

Mr. D. has the honor to announce that his School is open Day and Even-
ing, for Equestrian Tuition and Exercise Riding.

TERMS:

Lecture Lessons.

16 Lessons.........$15 00

10 “ ................10 00

4	“	 5	00

Single Lessons.............2 00

Road “  ...................2 50

N. B.—Highly trained and quiet Horses for the Road or Parade, to let.
Evening Class

Exercise Riding.

1 Month........................$12	00

20 Rides.........................10	00

10 “ ........................6	00

Single Rides.......................0	75

12 Lessons...................$9 00

Single ** .....................1 00

20 Rides..................$10 00

Single Ride...............• ... 0 75

RULES :

1.	All Lessons or Rides paid for on commencing.

2.	One hour allowed for each Lesson or Ride in the School.

3.	One hour and a half for a Lesson on the Road.

4.	Hours for Ladies, from 9 A. M. to 3 P. M.

5. Hours for Gnetlemen, from 3 to 4, and from 7 to 9 1-2 P. M.

6. No Gentlemen admitted during the hours appropriated to Ladies.

A card of address is requested rievious to commencing.

N. B. Gentlemen keeping their hordes at this establishment, will have the
privilege of riding them in the School gratis.

DISEASES OF THE TEETH.

Washington, D. C., May, 1844.

THE neglect of the Teeth is the cause of much suffering
and regret, and should not be disregarded by the most thoughtless.
The undersigned having received the benefit of Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s
professional skill, and believing him well qualified in the science of
Dental Surgery, and an accomplished and skillful operator, we most
cheerfully certify to the ease and safety with which Dr. B. performs
the various and important operations, so essential to the usefulness,
durability, and beauty of the Teeth.

Hon. J. W. M. Berrien, Geo. Hon. John B. Dawson, La.
Joshua Herrick, Me.	John H. Lumpkin, Geo.

James Irvin, Pa.	J. Thompson, Miss.

Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s Office and Residence, 103 Liberty st., New York.

CHARLES PERABEAU, Professor of Music,

No. 9 Whitehall Street, New York.

128

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

MARTIN'S SPLENDIDLY ILLUSTRATED FAMILY BIBLE.

THE DEVOTIONAL FAMILY BIBLE,

EACH PART EMBELLISHED WITH A SPLENDID ENGRAVING, SUCH AS USUALLY SELLS AT

A DOLLAR EACH.

Price only 25 Cents a Part.



THE DEVOTIONAL FAMILY BIBLE, by the REV. ALEXANDER FLETCHER, A.M., Author of the

GUIDE TO FAMILY DEVOTION, SCRIPTURE HISTORY, &c., containing the OLD AND NEW TESTAMENTS, with
different Readings, Marginal References, and Reflections, each Part embellished with a HIGHLY FINISHED ENGRAVING, on Steel,
from subjects by the Great Masters, together with a Series of VIEWS of the principal places mentioned in Scripture,

From Drawings made on the spot by F. Catherwood & W. H. Bartlett, Esqs.

R. MARTIN & CO. 26 John St.

GOLDSMITH'S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

NO. 189 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of one hour each. Terms—Five Dollars.

Double Entry Book-Keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 8 P. M. daily for gentlemen,
and from 11 to 1 o’clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems or Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

	From the Courier and Enquirer, July 27, 1844.

Goldsmith’s Gems of Pennmanship.—The Chirographic art is
much more important to mankind than it is generally considered, and
Mr. Goldsmith may well claim to be considered at its head. The
volume before us exhibits more taste and ingenuity, and higher proofs
of manual dexterity than we have ever seen before.

From the New York Express.

Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship.—We have seen the original, as
executed by his own hand, and a more beautiful, and indeed a more
wonderful display of the power of that little instrument which is said
to be “ more potent than the sword,” we never witnessed before.

KEIGHTLEY’S HISTORICAL WORKS.
THE HISTORY OF GREECE.—By Thomas Height-

ley, with notes and additions by G. Toulman Smith, in one volume.

THE HISTORY OF ROME- By the same author, with notes and addi-
tions in the same manner, in one volume.

THE HISTORY OF THE ROMAN EMPIRE—Being a continuation of
the History of Home. By the same autnor. In one volume.

THE HISTORY OF ENGLAND—From the Invasion of Julius Caesar to
the close of the reign of George IV. By the same author, with notes
and additions as above. In two volumes. Published by

TURNER & HAYDEN, No. 10 John St.

PLUMBE DAGUERRIAN GALLERY

AND PHOTOGRAPHIC DEPOT, 251 Broadway,

Corner of Murray street, (Over Tenny’s Jewelry Store,) awarded
the Medal, four first Premiums, and two “ Highest Honors,” at the
Exhibitions at Boston, New York, and Philadelphia, respectively, for
the best pictures and apparatus ever exhibited.

Price of these superb Photographs reduced to that of ordinary ones
at other places, so that no one need now sit for an inferior likeness on
the score of economy.

N. B.—Imported German Cameras, also French and American In-
struments of the very best quality, with plates, cases, chemical polish-
ing materials, &c., kept constantly on hand. All orders received
promptly attended to.

THE AMERICAN REVIEW.

A

WHIG JOURNAL OF POLITICS, LITERA-

TURE, ART AND SCIENCE. Edited by Geo. S. Colton, and pub-
lished monthly at 118 Nassau St. New York, and by Wiley A Putnam 161
Broadway, and 6 Waterloo Place, Recent Street, London,—at Five Dollars
per anum in advance—Single Nos. fifty cents.

It is the aim of this Review—discarding all national and sectarian influence
—to harmonize in a kindlier acquaintanceship the different sections of the
country ; to set forth more clearly the inexhaustible resources of our territo-
ry ; to elevate the morals of the people : to withstand pusillanimity at home,
and indignities abroad; to promote American science, and diffuse throughout
the land a higher order of taste in letters and the Arts. Though established
ostensibly on partisan grounds, the Review proposes to itself no mere party
triumph—but the moral, social and literary welfare of the commonwealth.

The following is from the origional Prospectus issued at Washington by
the Whig Members of the Twenty-Seventh Congress:

"Earnestly approving of the plan of such a national organ, long needed
and of manifest importance, the undersigned agree to contribute for its pa-
ges, from time to time, such communications as may be requujte to set forth,
and defend the doctrines held by the united Whig Party of the Union.—Geo
P. Marsh, D. D. Barnard, J. R. Ingersoll, E. Joy Morris, T. L. Clingman, J.
McPheison Berrien, Daniel Webster, Robert C. Winthrop, Thomas Butler
King, Hamilton Fish, J. P. Kennedy, J. Collamer, John J. Hardin, Wm. S.
Archer, Rufus Choate, Alexander H. Stephens.”

In addition to these, a number of writers have been enlisted for its various
other departments, so that every number, besides strong political articles,
will contain about 80 pages of Literary Miscellany in History, Biography,
Criticism, Fiction, Poetry. Statistics, Science and the Arts, three or four En-
graving* of the most finished—the likenesses of men eminent in the present
or past age, will be given in the course of the year. No pains will be spared,
or means left unemployed, to make it the first of American periodicals.

HUNT'S MERCHANTS’ MAGAZINE

AND COMMERCIAL REVIEW.



BY FREEMAN HUNT, Editor and Proprietor. Pub-
lished Monthly, at 142 Fulton Street, New York—at Five Dollars
per annum, in Advance.

THE MERCHANTS’ MAGAZINE and COMMERCIAL RE-
VIEW, embraces every subject connected with Commerce, Manufac-
tures and Political Economy, as follows :—Commercial Legislation ;
Commercial History and Geography; Mercantile Biography; Des-
criptive, Statistical and Historical Accounts, of the various commodi-
ties which form the subject of Mercantile transactions; Port Charges ;
Tariffs : Customs and Excise Regulations ; Commercial Statistics of
the United States and the different countries of the world, with which
we have intercourse, including their Physical Character, Population,
Productions, Exports, Imports, Seaports. Monies, Weights, Measures
Finance and Banking Associations, ana Enterprises connected with
Commerce, embracing Fisheries, Incorporated Companies, Railroads,
Canals, Steamboats, Docks, Post Offices, &c.; Principles of Com-
merce, Finance and Banking, with Practical and Historical Details
and Illustrations; Commercial Law,and Mercantile Law Reports, and
Decisions of Courts in the United States and Europe, including Insu-
rance, Partnership, Principal and Agent, Bills of Exchange, Sale,
Guaranty. Bankruptcy, Shipping and Navigation, &c., and whatever
else shall tend to develope the resources of the country and the
world, and illustrate the various topics bearing upon Commerce and
Commercial Literature.

It has been, and will continue to be, the aim of the Editor and Pro-
prietor of the Merchants’ Magazine, to avoid every thing of a par-
ty, political, or sectional bias or bearing, in the conduct of the work
—opening its pages to the free and fair discussion of antagonistic doc-
trines connected with the great interests of Commerce, Agriculture,
Manufactures and the Currency.

Complete sets of the Merchants’ Magazine, embracing eleven
semi-annual volumes, of about 600 large octavo pages each, bringing
it down to December, 1844, inclusive, may be obtained at the Pub-
lisher’s Office, 142 Fulton-street, New-York, at the subscription price.

Publishers of newspapers, in the United States, by giving this
advertisement two or three insertions, and remitting Two Dollars to
the Proprietor, will be entitled to the Magazine for one year.

Office of Merchants’ Magzine, January 1st, 1845.

Prospectus of the Broadway Journal.

To be Published every Saturday.

The Broadway Journal will differ from any of the weekly Peri-
odicals now published in this city, as it will be made up entirely of
original matter, consisting of Essays, Criticisms on Art and Literature,
Domestic and Foreign Correspondence, and Literary and Scientific
Intelligence.

Illustrations will be given as often as good original Designs can
be procured, and drawings and plans of all new public buildings that
have either elegance or novelty to recommend them to notice. Par-
ticular attention will be given to this department, and no pains spared
to make it worthy ol patronage.

Efficient aid has already been secured in the services of some of the
best writers in the country ; but it is hoped that a free channel be-
ing opened through which true-hearted men may “ let loose their
thoughts,” will be the means of drawing out some of the slumbering
talent amongst us which has not yet been seen afloat on the surface of
our periodical literature.

The Broadway Journal will espouse the cause of no political par-
ty, but will hold itself free to condemn or approve any men or meas-
ures, that a patriotic regard for the welfare of the country may dictate.
It will be printed on fine paper with clear type, in the Octave form of
16 pages, double columns.

Terms $3,00 per annum—Single numbers 6 1-4 cts.

A liberal discount to Periodical Agents.

All Communications for the Editor must be addressed to the Editor
or the Broadway Journal, and all letters on business to

JOHN BISCO, Publisher, 153 Broadway.

John Douglas, Printer, 68 Ann Street.