THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2. NEW YORK, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 20, 1845. NO. 11.

Three Dollars per Annum.	Edited by	Published at 138 Nassau St.

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	EDGAR A. POE AND HENRY C. WATSON.	By JOHN BISCO.

Soul-Shadows.

Oh, where are the cheerful days—

The cheerful days that my childhood knew ?

Vanished like summer haze


From a morning sky of unclouded blue ;

Vanished and gone to return no more,

Like the foam dashed up on a sandy shore.

Oh, ye pleasant and flown delights !

What would I give to recall you now ?

Weary days and slumberless nights

Press on my heart and wrinkle my brow;

And I am changed, like a leaf that fades

Hidden under the depths of a forest’s shades.

The future smiles not as of old,

The present is dreary and sad and dark ;

The clouds are not skirted with gold,

There comes no dove to my longing ark ;

I look up to Heaven, and over the sea,

And there is no rainbow of hope for me.

Sometimes there’s a passing gleam,

Sometimes there breaks on my desolate lot

A flush from a thought or a dream,

But it flickers away and I see it not,

And deeper settles the sombre pall

And gloomier still the shadows fall.

Love ! thou wast once my own ;

But I cast thee off like a worthless glove

And now I am forever alone,

And seek in vain for the guerdon, Love.

Doubt and fear, like sentinels stand,

And I've lost the clew to the flowery land.

“ Live lonely and lonely die !”

Such are the words on the scroll of Fate—

I read them now with a quiet eye,

For my sonl is powerless even to hate;

And there’s but one bliss which I dare to crave,

And that—thank God I is beyond the grave.

PARK BENJAMIN.

The Landscape Garden.

The garden like a lady fair was cut 

That lay as if she slumbered in delight,

And to the open skies her eyes did shut;

The azure fields of heaven were 'sembled right

In a large round set with the flow'rs of light:

The flowers de luce and the round sparks of dew

That hung upon their azure leaves, did show

Like twinkling stars that sparkle in the ev’ning blue.

Giles Fletcher.

No more remarkable man ever lived than my friend, the
young Ellison. He was remarkable in the entire and con-
tinuous profusion of good gifts ever lavished upon him by for-
tune. From his cradle to his grave, a gale of the blandest
prosperity bore him along. Nor do I use the word Prosper-

ity in its mere worldly or external sense. I mean it as sy-
nonymous with happiness. The person of whom I speak,
seemed born for the purpose of foreshadowing the wild doc-
trines of Turgot, Price, Priestly, and Condorcet—of exem-
plifying, by individual instance, what has been deemed the
mere chimera of the perfectionists. In the brief existence
of Ellison, I fancy that I have seen refuted the dogma—that
in man’s physical and spiritual nature, lies some hidden prin-
ciple, the antagonist of Bliss. An intimate and anxious ex-
amination of his career, has taught me to understand that,
in general, from the violation of a few simple laws of Hu-
manity, arises the Wretchedness of mankind; that, as a,
species, we have in our possession the as yet unwrought ele-
ments of Content; and that even now, in the present blind-
ness and darkness of all idea on the great question of the So-
cial Condition, it is not impossible that Man, the individual,
under certain unusual and highly fortuitous conditions, may
be happy.

With opinions such as these was my young friend fully
imbued; and thus is it especially worthy of observation that
the uninterrupted enjoyment which distinguished his life
was in great part the result of preconcert. It is, indeed,
evident, that with less of the instinctive philosophy which,
now and then, stands so well in the stead of experience, Mr.
Ellison would have found himself precipitated, by the very
extraordinary successes of his life, into the common vortex
of Unhappiness which yawns for those of pre-eminent en-
dowments. But it is by no means my present object to pen an
essay on Happiness. The ideas of my friend may be sum-
med up in a few words. He admitted hut four unvarying
laws, or rather elementary principles, of Bliss. That which
he considered chief, was (strange to say!) the simple and
purely physical one of free exercise in the open air. “ The
health,” he said, “ attainable by other means than this is
scarcely worth the name.” He pointed to the tillers of the
earth—the only people who, as a class, are proverbially
more happpy than others—and then he instanced the high
ecstasies of the fox-hunter. His second principle was the
love of woman. His third was the contempt of ambition.
His fourth was an object of unceasing pursuit; and he held
that, other things being equal, the extent of happiness was
proportioned to the spirituality of this object

I have said that Ellison was remarkable in the continuous
profusion of good gifts lavished upon him by Fortune. In
personal grace and beauty he exceeded all men. His intel-
lect was of that order to which the attainment of know-
ledge is less a labor than a necessity and an intuition. His
family was one of the most illustrious of the empire. His
bride was the loveliest and most devoted of women. His
possessions had been always ample; but, upon the attain-
ment of his one and twentieth year, it was discovered that
one of those extraordinary freaks of Fate had been played
in his behalf which startle the whole social world amid
which they occur, and seldom fail radically to alter the en-

162

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

tire moral constitution of those who are their objects. It ap-
pears that about one hundred years prior to Mr. Ellison’s 
attainment of his majority, there had died, in a remote pro-
vince, one Mr. Seabright Ellison. Tnis gentleman had amas-
sed a princely fortune, and, having no very immediate con-
nexions, conceived the whim of suffering his wealth to ac-
cumulate for a century after his decease. Minutely and sa-
gaciously directing the various modes of investment, he be- 
queathed the aggregate amount to the nearest of blood,
bearing the name Ellison, who should be alive at the end of
the hundred years. Many futile attempts had been made to
set aside this singular bequest; their ex post facto character
rendered them abortive ; but the attention of a jealous go-
vernment was aroused, and a decree finally obtained, forbid-
ing all similar accumulations. This act did not prevent
young Ellison, upon his twenty-first birth-day, from enter-
ing into possession, as the heir of his ancestor Seabright, of
a fortune of four hundred and fifty millions of dollars.*

When it bad become definitely known that such was the
enormous wealth inherited, there were, of course, many
speculations as to the mode of its disposal. The gigantic
magnitude and the immediately available nature of the sum,
dazzled and bewildered all who thought upon the topic. The
possessor of any appreciable amount of money might have
been imagined to perform any one of a thousand things.
With riches merely surpassing those of any citizen, it woul
have been easy to suppose him engaging to supreme excess
in the fashionable extravagances of his time; or busying him-
self with political intrigues; or aiming at ministerial power;
or purchasing increase of nobility ; or devising gorgeous ar-
chitectural piles; or collecting large specimens of Virtu;
or playing the munificent patron of Letters and Art; or en- 
dowing and bestowing his name upon extensive institutions 
of charity. But, for the inconceivable wealth in the actual
possession of the young heir, these objects, and all ordinary
objects were felt to be inadequate. Recourse was had to fi-
gures ; and figures but sufficed to confound. It was seen, that 
even at three per cent, the annual income of the inheritance 
amounted to no less than thirteen millions and five hundred
thousand dollars ; which was one million and one hundred
and twenty-five thousand per month ; or thirty-six thousand,
nine hundred and eighty-six per day; or one thousand five
hundred and forty-one per hour ; or six and twenty dollars
for every minute that flew. Thus the usual track of suppo-
sition was thoroughly broken up. Men knew not what to
imagine. There were some who even conceived that Mr.
Ellison would divest himself forthwith of at least two-thirds
of his fortune as of utterly superfluous opulence; enriching
whole troops of his relatives by division of his superabun-
dance.

I was not surprised, however, to perceive that he had long
made up his mind upon a topic which had occasioned so
much of discussion to his friends. Nor was I greatly aston-
ished at the nature of his decision. In the widest and no-
belest sense, he was a poet. He comprehended, moreover, the
true character, the august aims, the supreme majesty and
dignity of the poetic sentiment. The proper gratification of
the sentiment he instinctively felt to lie in the creation of

novel forms of Beauty. Some peculiarities, either in his
—

* An incident similar in outline to the one here imagined, occurred,
not very long ago, in England. The name of the fortunate heir (who
still lives,) is Thelluson. I first saw an account of this matter in the
“Tour” of Prince Puckler Muskau. He makes the sum received
ninety millions of pounds, and observes, with much force, that, “ in
the contemplation of so vast a sum, and of the services to which it
might be applied, there is something even of the sublime.” To suit I
the views of this article, I have followed the Prince’s statement—a
grossly exaggerated one, no doubt.

early education, or in the nature of his intellect, had tinged
with what is termed materialism the whole cast of his ethi-
cal speculations; and it was this bias, perhaps, which im-
perceptibly led him to perceive that the most advantageous,
if not the sole legitimate field for the exercise of the poetic
sentiment, was to be found in the creation of novel moods
of purely physical loveliness. Thus it happened that he be-
came neither musician nor poet; if we use this latter term
in its every-day acceptation. Or it might have been that he
became neither the one nor the other, in pursuance of an
idea of his which I have already mentioned—the idea, that
in the contempt of ambition lay one of the essential princi-
ples of happiness on earth. Is it not, indeed, possible that
while a high order of genius is necessarily ambitious, the
highest is invariably above that which is termed ambition ?
And may it not thus happen that many far greater than Mil-
ton, have contentedly remained “ mute and inglorious?” I
believe that the world has never yet seen, and that, unless
through some series of accidents goading the noblest order
of mind into distasteful exertion, the world will never be-
hold, that full extent of triumphant execution, in the richer
productions of Art, of which the human nature is absolutely
capable.

Mr. Ellison became neither musician nor poet; although
no man lived more profoundly enamored both of Music and
the Muse. Under other circumstances than those which
invested him, it is not impossible that he would have be-
come a painter. The field of sculpture, although in its na-
ture rigidly poetical, was too limited in its extent and in its
consequences, to have occupied, at any time, much of his
attention. And I have now mentioned all the provinces in
which even the most liberal understanding of the poetic sen-
timent has declared this sentiment capable of expatiating.
I mean the most liberal public or recognized conception of
the idea involved in the phrase “ poetic sentiment.” But
Mr. Ellison imagined that the richest, and altogether the
most natural and most suitable province, had been blindly
neglected. No definition had spoken of the Landscape-Gar-
dener, as of the poet; yet my friend could not fail to per-
ceive that the creation of the Landscape-Garden offered to
the true muse the most magnificent of opportunities. Here
was, indeed, the fairest field for the display of invention, or
imagination, in the endless combining of forms of novel Beau-
ty ; the elements which should enter into combination being,
at all times, and by a vast superiority, the most glorious
which the earth could afford. In the multiform of the tree,
and in the multicolor of the flower, he recognized the most
direct and the most energetic efforts of Nature at physical
loveliness. And in the direction or concentration of this ef-
fort, or, still more properly, in its adaptation to the eyes
which were to behold it upon earth, he perceived that he
should be employing the best means—laboring to the great-
est advantage—in the fulfilment of his destiny as Poet.

“Its adaptation to the eyes which were to behold it upon
earth.” In his explanation of this phraseology, Mr. Ellison
did much towards solving what has always seemed to me
an enigma. I mean the fact (which none but the ignorant
dispute,) that no such combinations of scenery exist in Na-
ture as the painter of genius has in his power to produce.
No such Paradises are to be found in reality as have glowed
upon the canvass of Claude. In the most enchanting of
natural landscapes, there will always be found a defect or an
excess—many excesses and defects. While the component
parts may exceed, individually, the highest skill of the ar-
tist, the arrangement of the parts will always be suscepti-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

163

ble of improvement. In short, no position can be attained,
from which an artistical eye, looking steadily, will not find
matter of offence, in what is technically termed the composi-
tion of a natural landscape. And yet how unintelligible is
this! In all other matters we are justly instructed to regard
Nature as supreme. With her details we shrink from com-
petition. Who shall presume to imitate the colors of the
tulip, or to improve the proportions of the lily of the valley ?
The criticism which says, of sculpture or of portraiture, that
“ Nature is to be exalted rather than imitated,” is in error.
No pictorial or sculptural combinations of points of human
loveliness, do more than approach the living and breathing
human beauty as it gladdens our daily path. Byron, who
often erred, erred not in saying,

I’ve seen more living beauty, ripe and real,

Than all the nonsense of their stone ideal.

In landscape alone is the principle of the critic true ; and,
having felt its truth here, it is but the headlong spirit of gen-
eralization which has induced him to pronounce it true
throughout all the domains of Art. Having, I say, felt its
truth here. For the feeling is no affectation or chimera.
The mathematics afford no more absolute demonstrations,
than the sentiment of his Art yields to the artist. He not
only believes, but positively knows, that such and such ap-
parently arbitrary arrangements of matter, or form, consti-
tute, and alone constitute, the true Beauty. Yet his reasons
have not yet been matured into expression. It remains for a
more profound analysis than the world has yet seen, fully to
investigate and express them. Nevertheless is he confirmed
in his instinctive opinions, by the concurrence of all his com-
peers. Let a composition be defective ; let an emendation
be wrought in its mere arrangement of form ; let this emen-
dation be submitted to every artist in the world; by each
will its necessity be admitted. And even far more than this;
in remedy of the defective composition, each insulated mem-
ber of the fraternity will suggest the identical emendation.

I repeat that in landscape arrangements, or collocations
alone, is the physical Nature susceptible of “ exaltation,’’
and that, therefore, her susceptibility of improvement at this
one point, was a mystery which, hitherto I had been unable
to solve. It was Mr. Ellison who first suggested the idea
that what we regarded as improvement or exaltation of the
natural beauty, was really such, as respected only the mor-
tal or human point of view ; that each alteration or disturb-
ance of the primitive scenery might possibly effect a blemish
in the picture, if we could suppose this picture viewed at
large from some remote point in the heavens. “ It is easily
understood,” says Mr. Ellison, “ that what might improve a
closely scrutinized detail, might, at the same time, injure a
general and more distantly-observed effect.” He spoke up-
on this topic with warmth : regarding not so much its imme-
diate or obvious importance, (which is little,) as the charac-
ter of the conclusions to which it might lead, or of the col-
lateral propositions which it might serve to corroborate or
sustain. There might be a class of beings, human once, but
now to humanity invisible, for whose scrutiny and for whose
refined appreciation of the beautiful, more especially than
for our own, had been set in order by God the great land-
scape-garden of the whole earth.

In the course of our discussion, my young friend took oc-
casion to quote some passages from a writer who has been
supposed to have well treated this theme.

“ There are, properly," he writes, “ but two styles of land-
scape-gardening, the natural and the artificial. One seeks
to recall the original beauty of the country, by adapting its

means to the surrounding scenery ; cultivating trees in har-
mony with the hills or plain of the neighboring land; detect-
ing and bringing into practice those nice relations of size, pro-
portion and color which, hid from the common observer, are
revealed everywhere to the experienced student of nature.
The result of the natural style of gardening, is seen rather
in the absence of all defects and incongruities—in the pre-
valence of a beautiful harmony and order, than in the crea-
tion of any special wonders or miracles. The artificial style
has as many varieties as there are different tastes to gratify.
It has a certain general relation to the various styles of
building. There are the stately avenues and retirements of
Versailles; Italian terraces ; and a various mixed old English
style, which bears some relation to the domestic Gothic or
English Elizabethan architecture. Whatever may be said
against the abuses of the artificial landscape-gardening, a
mixture of pure art in a garden scene, adds to it a great beau-
ty. This is partly pleasing to the eye, by the show of order
and design, and partly moral. A terrace, with an old moss-
covered balustrade, calls up at once to the eye, the fair
forms that have passed there in other days. The slightest
exhibition of art is an evidence of care and human interest.’’
“ From what I have already observed,” said Mr. Ellison,
“ you will understand that I reject the idea, here expressed,
of ‘ recalling the original beauty of the country.’ The origi-
nal beauty is never so great as that which may be introduc-
ed. Of course, much depends upon the selection of a spot
with capabilities. What is said in respect to the ' detecting
and bringing into practice those nice relations of size, pro-
portion and color,’ is a mere vagueness of speech, which may
mean much, or little, or nothing, and which guides in no de-
gree. That the true ' result of the natural style of gardening
is seen rather in the absence of all defects and incongruities,
than in the creation of any special wonders or miracles,’ is a
proposition better suited to the grovelling apprehension of the
herd, than to the fervid dreams of the man of genius. The
merit suggested is, at best, negative, and appertains to that
hobbling criticism which, in letters, would elevate Addison
into apotheosis. In truth, while that merit which consists
in the mere avoiding demerit, appeals directly to the under-
standing, and can thus be foreshadowed in Rule, the loftier
merit, which breathes and flames in invention or creation,
can be apprehended solely in its results. Rule applies but
to the excellences of avoidance—to the virtues which deny
or refrain. Beyond these the critical art can but suggest.
We may be instructed to build an Odyssey, but it is in vain
that we are told how to conceive a ‘ Tempest,’ an ' Inferno,’
a ‘Prometheus Bound,’ a ‘Nightingale,’ such as that of
Keats, or the ‘ Sensitive Plant’ of Shelley. But, the thing
done, the wonder accomplished, and the capacity for appre-
hension becomes universal. The sophists of the negative
school, who, through inability to create, have scoffed at cre-
ation, are now found the loudest in applause. What, in its
chrysalis condition of principle, affronted their demure reas-
on, never fails, in its maturity of accomplishment, to extort
admiration from their instinct of the beautiful or of the sub-
lime.

“ Our author’s observations on the artificial style of gar-
dening,” continued Mr. Ellison, “ are less objectionable. 'A
mixture of pure art in a garden scene, adds to it a great beau-
ty.’ This is just; and the reference to the sense of human
interest is equally so. I repeat that the principle here expres-
sed, is incontrovertible; but there may be something even
beyond it. There may be an object in full keeping with the
principle suggested—an object unattainable by the means or-
dinarily in possession of mankind, yet which, if attained,

164

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

would lend a charm to the landscape-garden immeasurably
surpassing that which a merely human interest could bestow.
The true poet possessed of very unusual pecuniary resources,
might possibly, while retaining the necessary idea of art or
interest or culture, so imbue his designs at once with extent
and novelty of Beauty, as to convey the sentiment of spiritual
interference. It will be seen that, in bringing about such re-
sult, he secures all the advantages of interest or design, while
relieving his work of all the harshness and technicality of
Art. In the most rugged of wildernesses—in the most sav-
age of the scenes of pure Nature—there is apparent the art
of a Creator; yet is this art apparent only to reflection; in
no respect has it the obvious force of a feeling. Now, if we
imagine this sense of the Almighty Design to be harmonized
in a measurable degree; if we suppose a landscape whose
combined strangeness, vastness, definitiveness, and magnifi-
cence, shall inspire the idea of culture, or care, or superinten-
dence, on the part of intelligences superior yet akin to hu-
manity—then the sentiment of interest is preserved, while
the Art is made to assume the air of an intermediate or sec-
ondary Nature—a Nature which is not God, nor an emana-
tion of God, but which still is Nature, in the sense that it is
the handi-work of the angels that hover between man and
God.”

It was in devoting his gigantic wealth to the practical em-
bodiment of a vision such as this—in the free exercise in the
open air, which resulted from personal direction of his plans
—in the continuous and unceasing object which these plans
afforded—in the high spirituality of the object itself—in the
contempt of ambition which it enabled him more to feel than
to affect—and, lastly, it was in the companionship and sym-
pathy of a devoted wife, that Ellison thought to find, and
found, an exemption from the ordinary cares of Humanity,
with a far greater amount of positive happiness than ever
glowed in the rapt day-dreams of De Stāel.

EDGAR A. POE.

To ----------

The bowers whereat, in dreams, I see

The wantonest singing birds,

Are lips—and all thy melody


Of lip-begotten words—



Thine eyes, in Heaven of heart enshrined

Then desolately fall,

O God! on my funereal mind

Like starlight on a pall—



Thy heart—thy heart!—I wake and sigh,


And sleep to dream till day

Of the truth that gold can never buy—

Of the baubles that it may.

The Magnetizer; or, Ready for Any Body.

BY THE AUTHOR OF “ THE VISION OF RUBETA.”

ACT III.

Scene I.—The housekeeper’s apartment at Mr. Clairvoir’s. Arnold
Dulruse walking up and down in great heat; Mrs. Dulruse follow-
ing, and expostulating with him.

Mrs. Dul. But, Arnold,—Arnold dear—

Dulr. Mother, you talk like a fool. I tell you, your fine
schemes will amount to nothing. Do you think you can keep up
such a paltry farce as your cursed magnetism much longer ? Even
if you could hope to always humbug the old man, there’s his half-

brother Racy, (whom I hate as I do poison.) and that proud puppy,
Walton, and that madcap nephew of Racy’s wife, his adopted son,
Frank Randolph I mean, who, coxcomb though he is. is as shrewd
as his uncle, and quite as fearless, folk say,—how the devil are you
to manage all these ? Are you going to blind them ? and do you
think they wont open Clairvoir’s eyes? I tell you, you’ll be blown
up; and I may get a bullet through my gizzard, for listening to
your infernal nonsense. I wish, old woman, you had left me con-
tented with the five thousand, and the pretty thing that was wil-
ling to bestow it upon me. You have made me go further, and
you'll find I shall fare worse. The devil take your maneuver-
ing!

Mrs. Dul. But my darling, my baby—

Dulr. Yes, you have made a baby of me. I wish you had been
choked with the leaoing-strings, before you sung to sleep my reason.
Huffed by the mistress, laughed at by the maid !—Look you, moth-
er, I have n’t yet told you: I met that impertinent vixen, Letty,
not half an hour ago, in close parley with Walton; and, as I passed
them, I heard my name mentioned. Now, what do you say ?
Walton would never stand talking in the street with a maid-servant,
unless there was something of moment. What do you say to that,
my cunning mamma ?

Mrs. Dul. Why, I’ll get before them, that’s all:

Dulr. That’s all! Hum! that’s a great deal, you will find.
And, pray, how the devil do you mean to do that ?

Mrs. D. Don’t talk so loud. By making you marry Miss Clair
voir at once. There!

Dulr. There ! There ! Why, you ’re crazy, old woman.

Mrs. D. Am I, you undutiful wretch ? Am I ? Then manage
your own business yourself.

Dulr. [Looking at her with surprise.] Why, you don’t mean
to tell me— You’ve some scheme in your head, I see ; a confoun-
ded foolish one, I dare say ; but let us hear it.

Mrs. Dul. It would serve you right—

Dulr. Come, don’t palaver.

Mrs. D. Could you run away with Catharine ?

Dulr. Ha, ha ! I have legs; and so has she ; but how are you
going to make her use them for my benefit ? You ’re a wise one ?

Mrs. Dul. This way. Just have a little patience. Suppose she
made a mistake, and took you for Walton; you ’re pretty much of
a size ; and in the dark, you know—

Dulr. Why, you ’re mad ! you ’ve got this scheme out of some
silly story-book. Do girls go' off in the dark now-a-days. and
marry a fellow without looking at him ?

Mrs. Dul. Yes, when they are in a hurry, and can’t help them-
selves.

Dulr. [Turning with great quickness.] Eh! what? [Look-
ing at her sharply.] Speak out.

Mis. Dul. Why, look here. I’ve so worked upon old Clair-
voir that he has actually forbid his daughter to speak of Walton
and swears she shall have you.

Dulr. Yes, yes, I know that already: but she wo’nt have me, I
tell you ; and by and by, old Clairvoir comes to his senses,
       Mrs. Dul [Chuckling.] When it is too late. Look here, my
  darling. suppose I go to Miss Catharine, and make b’lieve side with
her, and persuade her to run off with Walton ?

Dulr. Go on, go on.

M,s. Dul. She consents—you manage to take Walton’s place—
Dulr. Very easy that, to be sure ! And suppose I could, do
you think, when she came to find me out, she would— But stop ;
stop ; a light breaks in upon me. Don’t interrupt me. [Stamps
on the floor, and makes his mother fall back. He meditates.] By
the gods! I have it; I’ve finished your plot; I have it. Look
here, mother. I will pretend to give up my pretensions to Catha-
rine, and make my peace with Mary, which is easily done. You
tell Catharine that I have done so, and that I will run off with
Mary, at the same time that she does with Walton, but in a differ-
ent carnage. No, no! blast it! that wo’nt do either. Stay !

[Thinks again.] O! You shall let Miss Clairvoir know that I
have not given up my pretensions,-—not, remember ; but you will
ay that you pity Mary, and are resolved that I shall not be so false

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

165

—yes, that’s what fools call it; never mind abusing me. Tell her
that if she will change dresses with Mary, who, you know, is just
her height, that I shall take Mary for her, and run off with her,
while she in Mary’s dress is really gone off with Walton.

Mrs. Dul. Yes, but what good will that do you?

Dulr. Are you such a fool ? Why, I sha’n’t do any such thing,
to be sure, hut take the real twenty-five thousand, and, when we
are in the carriage— I’ll make her glad to have me, or anybody
else, before we get to the parson.

Mrs. Dul. But, Arny dear, that will be too wicked.

Dulr Scruples ? and from you, mother ? Your tricks are not
so bold, to be sure, but they ’re quite as bad.

Mrs. Dul. No, they ’re not. Besides, why can’t you tell her
that her lover is false, and gone off knowingly with Mary; then
she ’ll marry you, you know, out of revenge.

Dulr. No doubt. [Sneeringly.] Well, well, mother, I’ll do
so. We’ll trot off to Harlem, and before we’re half way to the
parsonage, I’ll be bound that I convince her.

Mrs. Dul. And to-morrow I'll persuade old Clairvoir to have
me without running away. Buss me, Arny ; we’ll fix ’em.

Dulr. Pshaw! there. [ Giving her his cheek, disdainfully.]
Now, be off, and ply Miss Clairvoir well. I’ll stay here till you
come back. Don't forget now, she is to dress like Mary, to de-
ceive me : remember, don’t spare me.

Mrs. Dul. Yes, yes; leave me alone; I’m a wise one. [Exit.\

Dulr. [Closing the door.] Ay, ay. My father must have
been a wiser. [ As the door shuts, the scene changes to

Scene II.—The drawing-room, as in Act I. Scene I. Catharine,
sealed in a thoughtful attitude. Enter, Letty.

Let. Miss Catharine.

Cath. Well, Letty.

Let. Mrs. Dulruse begs permission to speak a few words to

you.

Cath. To me ? Let her come in.

Let, Yes, ma’m. But, [going up to Cath. and lowering her
voice,] Miss Catharine—a horrible plot—but don’t let her know
you see into it. Listen to her, dear Miss Catharine—and, it you
can, pretend to consent; but don’t believe a word she says.

Cath. What is this ? I hope, Letty, you have not been listen-
ing again.

Let. O ma’am, I cannot tell you all now ; never mind how I
know. If I stay longer she’ll suspect. Only promise me, that
you’ll not be too candid: you know I do all for the best.

Cath. Well, well, Letty, we'll talk of this again. I’ll be care-
ful.

Let. Thank you, Miss Catharine. Don’t look at her too sharp-
ly! [Exit.]

Cath. Plot! [She becomes again thoughtful. After a few
minutes.

Enter, Mrs. Dulruse.

Mrs. Dul. Miss Clairvoir—

Cath. Oh ! sit down, ma'am. Is there anything particular ?

Mrs. Dul. Yes, I— But let me shut the door. Now, Miss
Clairvoir—I—really—I hope, ma'am, you don't believe I have a bad
heart ?

Cath. If I do believe so, Mrs. Dulruse, it will be easy for you
to prove that I mistake you.

Mrs. D. That’s the very thing I came for, Miss Catharine.
Now—let me see—now, you know, Miss Catharine, your father
has been pleased to favor certain— If you look so cold at me I
can’t go on.

Cath. I see no reason, ma’am, why I should look otherwise.

Mrs. Dul. [From this moment she talks without turning her
face towards Cath. ] Well, I’ll tell you then, why you should.

I'm your friend, Miss Catharine; and I don't like it at all, that your
father has chose to favor my Arnold’s pertensions.

Cath. Indeed.

Mrs. Dul. Yes; and I so pity your poor cousin.

Cath. Miss Mildmay, ma'am, needs not your pity.

Mrs. Dul. O, Miss Clairvoir, but she does; for I know she
loves my Arnold; and Arnold I know might have loved her; but,
now he has his head turned by higher notions—

Cath. Mrs. Dulruse!

Mrs. Dul. Do let me finish, Miss Catharine. I was coming to
tell you that I don’t approve my boy’s falsehood. He is a base,
wicked, unnatural wretch ! Yes, that he is! and I don’t want to



draw down the judgment of Providence by aidin’ and abettin’ him.
So, Miss Clairvoir, if you want to cheat your papa, and marry Mr.
Walton after all, I’ll help you.

Cath. I don’t know what ideas you have of me, Mrs. Dulruse;
but I am not in the habit of cheating my father in anything ; and,
as for my marriage, I do not see that you have anything to do with
it.

Mrs. Dul. O Lord ! you take a body's words up so ! I was
only goin’ to say, if you would listen, ma’am, that I know a way you
could put a stop to Arnold’s persumption, make Miss Mary happy,
and yourself, and—and—everybody.

Cath. Indeed ? Well.

Mrs. Dul. You see, nothing can be done openly, while the old
man—

Cath. Mr. Clairvoir,—if you mean my father.

Mrs. Dul. Excuse me—yes—while Mr. Clairvoir is so violent
against Mr. Walton. But if you would run away with Mr. Wal-
ton, you know, [Cath looks at her with surprise and attention ;
Mrs. Dul. however, still keeping her head turned away] why then
it would be too late, Now I have such a darling little plot, which
my Arn—I mean, which’ll make Arnold behave himself. You en-
gage your cousin to run off with Arnold; Arnold ’ll be ready, and
Mr. Walton will be ready too ; but you put on your cousin’s dress,
and make her put on yours. Then Amy, you know, will think
that she is you, and take her off, and marry her out of hand, as
he ought, shame on him.' while you and Mr. Walton ’ll go another
way. [A ring, as at the street door.] There’s somebody: will
you think of my little plan, Miss Clairvoir, and tell me, by ’n’ by ?

Cath. Yes, yes, I’ll think of it.

Mrs. Dul. It’ll be just like a play. Every body’ll be so hap-
py. [Cath. walks away. Mrs. D. bridles, turns up her nose, curtsies,
looks maliciously at her.] Hum! [Exit, strutting. Cath. stands
thoughtful for a few moments. Then

Enter Racy, preceeded by Letty, running.

Let. Here’s Mr. Racy, Miss Catharine. I’ve told him all. O !
I’m so delighted!

Racy. Out, slyboots! mind your place. [Driving her off.
Exit Letty.] Well, Kate, here’s been rare plotting, eh? But
we’ll outplot them; we'll countermine their mine, my beauty !

Cath. I think I guess what you mean, uncle, from Letty’s hints,
and that foolish woman’s awkwardness.

Racy. Foolish enough; but not the less rogue, for all that.
But we’ll match them ! I wish the hour were only come: I long
to be at it.

Cath. At what, uncle ? There’s a snare, I see ; but I am not
so silly as to fall into it. You need not fear me, I shall not run
off.

Racy. Yes, but you will though ; and Walton shall ran off too;
and so shall Mary, and that scamp, Dulruse; ay, and his precious
mother after him. Gad, you wench, there shall be such a carrying
off as has never been heard of since the rape of Proserpine.

Cath. But, uncle—

Racy. Don’t but at me, niece, or you’ll hurt that little head of
yours. What, what! here have I the rarest counterplot in the
world, and was going to make you and Schuyler happy, and Mary
happy and those two devils unhappy—as they ought to be, and
your father a wise man, and—and— Damn it! I’ll do it—wont
hear scruples—not a word, not a word.

Cath. I dare not deceive my father, uncle.

Racy. But I dare, and will undeceive him afterwards. And
there's that puss, Mary ; I mean to undeceive her too.

Cath. Yet you would have her run off with—

Racy With that infernal Arnold ? Sure, sure; nothing so ef
fectual to undeceive her, nothing. Dont you see it, you hussy ?

166

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

You used to have so bright a wit; but you and Walton are grown
the stupidest people, since you have taken to cooing! Well, that
blush is a rare embellisher,—sha’n’t quarrel with you. But hark
you, Kate; do you think that if Arnold finds he has carried off the
five thousand, when he thought he had the twenty-five, he will be
in any hurry to conclude the bargain ? By the lord, no! And he
never shall, at any rate. How would you like your cousin to be
disgusted with the traitor ?

Cath. Nothing could render me happier.

Racy. There you— You make a mistake there, you slut; but
I know it will render you very happy. And how should you like
a fine, hearty, whole-souled fellow for Mary’s husband ; just such
another as myself, only a little handsomer, and a good deal young-
er, eh ?

    Cath. I should be delighted, indeed, for she deserves one.

    Racy. And she shall have one, and money in his purse, into the
bargain. There, that will do: I must now go and arrange matters
with Walton. You’ll be ready to-night, about ten o’clock ?
     Cath. But uncle, dear uncle—

Racy. Not one word—not one syllable. I’ll send Schuyler to
you, with arguments in plenty. Settle it between you. I believe
the devil is in me, when I get a plot in my head, for I’m as happy
as— O, by the by, Letty made me promise her your forgiveness.
She’s been eavesdropping, the wench! but it was all for your good.
What, what! displeased? Wo’nt have it—too cursed scrupulous
—circumstances alter cases—go to your cousin—there—there,
[Pushing her oat of the door, while she endeavors vainly to speak]
there! Out with you ; talk to Mary. I’ll after Schuyler. [Exe-
unt ambo.

END Of ACT THIRD.

Song.

I.

I saw thee on thy bridal day—

When a burning blush came o’er thee,

Though happiness around thee lay,

The world all love before thee:



II.

And in thine eye a kindling light

(Whatever it might be)

Was all on Earth my aching sight

Of Loveliness could see.



III.

That blush, perhaps, was maiden shame—

As such it well may pass—

Though its glow hath raised a fiercer flame

In the breast of him, alas !



IV.

Who saw thee on that bridal day,

When that deep blush come o’er thee.

Though happiness around thee lay,

The world all love before thee.

A Tale of Jerusalem.

Intensos rigidam in frontem ascendere canos

Passus erat-----------

Lucan—De Catone.

----	a bristly bore.

Translation.

“Let us hurry to the walls,” said Abel-Phittim to Buzi-
Ben-Levi and Simeon the Pharisee, on the tenth day of the
month Thammuz, in the year of the world three thousand
nine hundred and forty-one—“ let us hasten to the ramparts
adjoining the gate of Benjamin, which is in the city of David,
and overlooking the camp of the uncircumcised; for it is the
last hour of the fourth watch, being sunrise; and the idola-
ters, in fulfilment of the promise of Pompey, should be await-
ing us with the lambs for the sacrifices."

Simeon, Abel-Phittim, and Buzi-Ben-Levi were the Giz-
barim, or sub-collectors of the offering, in the holy city of
Jerusalem.

“ Verily,” replied the Pharisee, “let us hasten: for this
generosity in the heathen is unwonted; and fickle-minded-
ness has ever been an attribute of the worshippers of Baal.”
“ That they are fickle-minded and treacherous is as true
as the Pentateuch,” said Buzi-Ben-Levi, “but that is only
towards the people of Adonai. When was it ever known
that the Ammonites proved wanting to their own interests ?
Methinks it is no great stretch of generosity to allow us
lambs for the altar of the Lord, receiving in lieu thereof
thirty silver shekels per head !”

“ Thou forgettest, however, Ben-Levi,” replied Abel-Phit-
tim, “ that the Roman Pompey, who is now impiously be-
sieging the city of the Most High, has no assurity that we
apply not the lambs thus purchased for the altar, to the sus-
tenance of the body, rather than of the spirit.”

“ Now, by the five corners of my beard,” shouted the
Pharisee, who belonged to the sect called The Dashers (that
little knot of saints whose manner of dashing and lacerating
the feet against the pavement was long a thorn and a re-
proach to less zealous devotees—a stumbling-block to less
gifted perambulators)—“ by the five corners of that beard
which as a priest I am forbidden to shave!—have we lived
to see the day when a blaspheming and idolatrous upstart of
Rome shall accuse us of appropriating to the appetites of the
flesh the most holy and consecrated elements ? Have we

lived to see the day when”—

“ Let us not question the motives of the Philistine,” in-
terrupted Abel-Phittim, “ for to-day we profit for the first
time by his avarice or by his generosity ; but rather let us
hurry to the ramparts, lest offerings should be wanting for
that altar whose fire the rains of heaven cannot extinguish,
and whose pillars of smoke no tempest can turn aside.”

That part of the city to which our worthy Gizbarim now
hastened, and which bore the name of its architect King
David, was esteemed the most strongly fortified district of
Jerusalem; being situated upon the steep and lofty hill of
Zion. Here a broad, deep, circumvallatory trench, hewn
from the solid rock, was defended by a wall of great strength
erected upon its inner edge. This wall was adorned, at reg-
ular interspaces, by square towers of white marble ; the low-
est sixty, and the highest one hundred and twenty cubits
in height. But, in the vicinity of the gate of Benjamin, the
wall arose by no means from the margin of the fosse. On
the contrary, between the level of the ditch and the base-
ment of the rampart, sprang up a perpendicular cliff of two
hundred and fifty cubits; forming part of the precipitous
Mount Moriah. So that when Simeon and his associates ar-
rived on the summit of the tower called Adoni-Bezek—the
loftiest of all the turrets around about Jerusalem, and the usu-
al place of conference with the besieging army—they looked
down upon the camp of the enemy from an eminence excell-
ing, by many feel, that of the Pyramid of Cheops, and, by
several, that of the Temple of Belus.

“Verily,” sighed the Pharisee, as he peered dizzily over
the precipice, “ the uncircumcised are as the sands by the
sea-shore—as the locusts in the wilderness ! The valley of
 The King hath become the valley of Adommin.”

“ And yet,” added Ben-Levi, “ thou canst not point me
out a Philistine—no, not one—from Aleph toTau—from the
wilderness to the battlements—who seemeth any bigger than
the letter Jod!”

“ Lower away the basket with the shekels of silver!” here
shouted a Roman soldier in a hoarse, rough voice, which ap-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

167

peared to issue from the regions of Pluto—“ lower away the
basket with the accursed coin which it has broken the jaw
of a noble Roman to pronounce! Is it thus you evince your
gratitude to our master Pompeius, who, in his condescension,
has thought fit to listen to your idolatrous importunities?
The god Phoebus, who is a true god, has been charioted for
an hour—and were you not to be on the ramparts by sunrise ?
Ӕdepol! do you think that we, the conquerers of the world,
have nothing better to do than stand waiting by the walls of
every kennel, to traffic with the dogs of the earth ? Lower
away ! I say—and see that your trumpery be bright in color,
and just in weight!”

“El Elohim !” ejaculated the Pharisee, as the discordant
tones of the centurion rattled up the crags of the precipice,
and fainted away against the temple—“ El Elohim!—who is
the God Phœbus ?—whom doth the blasphemer invoke ?
Thou, Buzi-Ben-Levi! who art read in the laws of the Gen-
tiles, and hast sojourned among them who dabble with the
Teraphim!—is it Nergal of whom the idolator speaketh?—
or Ashimah ?—or Nibhaz ?—or Tartak ?—or Adramalech ?
—or Anamalech ?—or Succoth-Benith ?—or Dagon ?—or Be-
lial ?—or Baal-Perith ?—or Baal-Peor ?—or Baal-Zebub ?”

“Verily it is neither—but beware how thou lettest the 
rope slip too rapidly through thy fingers; for should the 
wicker-work chance to hang on the projection of yonder crag,
there will be a woful outpouring of the holy things of the
sanctuary.”

By the assistance of some rudely constructed machinery,
the heavily laden basket was now carefully lowered down
among the multitude; and, from the giddy pinnacle, the Ro-
mans were seen gathering confusedly round it; but owing to
the vast height and the prevalence of a fog, no distinct view
of their operations could be obtained.

Half an hour had already elapsed.

“We shall be too late,” sighed the Pharisee, as at the ex-
piration of this period, he looked over into the abyss—“ we
shall be too late ! we shall be turned out of office by the
Katholim.”

“No more,” responded Abel-Phittim. “no more shall we
feast upon the fat of the land—no longer shall our beards
be odorous with frankincense—our loins girded up with
fine linen from the Temple.”

“ Raca !” swore Ben-Levi, “ Raca! do they mean to de-
fraud us of the purchase money ? or, Holy Moses! are they
weighing the shekels of the tabernacle ?

“ They have given the signal at last,” cried the Pharisee,
“ they have given the signal at last!—pull away, Abel-Pbit-
tim !—-and thou, Buzi-Ben-Levi, pull away!—for verily the
Philistines have either still hold upon the basket, or the Lord
hath softened their hearts to place therein a beast of good
weight!” And the Gizbarim pulled away, while their bur-
den swung heavily upwards through the still increasing
mist.

••••••••••

“ Booshoh he !”—as, at the conclusion of an hour, some
object at the extremity of the rope became indistinctly visi-
ble—" Booshoh he !” was the exclamation which burst from
the lips of Ben-Levi.

“ Booshoh he!—for shame!—it is a ram from the thickets
of Engedi, and as rugged as the valley of Jehosaphat!”

“ It is a firstling of the flock,” said Abel-Phittim, “ I know
him by the bleating of his lips, and the innocent folding of
his limbs. His eyes are more beautiful than the jewels of
the Pectoral, and his flesh is like the honey of Hebron.”

“ It is a fatted calf from the pastures of Bashan,” said the
Pharisee, “ the heathen have dealt wonderfully with us !—

let us raise up our voices in a psalm !—let us give thanks on
the shawm and on the psaltery—on the harp and on the
huggab—on the cythern and on the sackbut!”

It was not until the basket had arrived within a few feet
of the Gizbarim, that a low grunt betrayed to their percep-
tion a hog of no common size.

“ Now El Emanu !” slowly, and with upturned eyes ejac-
ulated the trio, as, letting go their hold, the emancipated
porker tumbled headlong among the Philistines, “ El Ema-
nu !—God be with us!—it is the unutterable flesh!”

Critical Notices.

The American Shepherd: being a Complete History of Sheep,
with their Breeds, Management, and Diseases. By L. A.
Morrell. Illustrated with Drawings of the Different
Breeds. New York : Harper & Brothers.

This is one of the most valuable works published, of late, by
the Harpers—a work which has been long imperatively de-
manded by American wool-growers. The English treatises,
although numerous and comprehensive, are totally unadapt-
ed to our wants.

Every thing needed is here abundantly supplied. The
work is a perfect manual. It contains an Appendix of Let-
ters from eminent wool-growers, detailing their respective
modes of treatment. There are numerous engravings, chiefly
of sheep, sheep-barns, sheds, etc. etc. Mr. Morrell, the au-
thor, has the highest reputation as a skilful and successful
farmer. The volume is a beautiful one of 450 pages octavo.

The Bosom Friend. A Novel by the Author of “ The Gam-
bler’s Wife,"  “The Young Prima Donna," etc. etc. New
York: Harper & Brothers.

This is No. 61 of “The Library of Select Novels.” We
have read the book through;—it is intensely interesting.

Tne Wandering Jew. By M. Eugène Sue. New York :
Harper & Brothers.

The seventeenth number is issued—price 3 cents. The ex-
citement of the story increases.

A Cyclopædia of several Thousand Practical Receipts and
Collateral Information, in the Arts, Manufactures, and
Trades, including Medicine, Pharmacy, and Domestic Eco-
nomy. Designed as a Compendious Book of Reference for
the Manufacturer, Tradesman, Amateur, and Heads of Fa-
milies. By Arnold James Cooley. Illustrated with nume-
rous Engravings. New York: D. Appleton & Co.

The third number of this useful book is published. We have
already noticed in full the first and second numbers, and
now merely repeat the title in full, as the best means of
calling attention to the work, and showing its design.

Agnes Serle. A Novel. By Miss Ellen Pickering, author of
“ Nan Darrell,"  “ The Fright,” etc. etc. New York: E.
Ferrett & Co.

Few novelists have ever been more really popular than Miss
Pickering. She seldom greatly excites, but invariably pro-
duces the most agreeable kind of interest. It is a difficult
matter to take up one of her skilful stories, and put it down
unread. “ Agnes Serle” is fully equal to anything she has
written, as regards its power of enchaining attention. She
does not deserve, however, as much credit for it as for her
more original novels: it is, in many respects, a close imita-
tion of that excellent fiction “ Santo Sebastiano, or the Young
Protector.”

168

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Gowans' Bibliotheca Americana. No 1.—A Brief Description
of New York, formerly called New Netherlands, with the
Places thereunto adjoining. Likewise a brief Relation of
the Customs of the Indians there. By Daniel Denton. A
New Edition, with an Introduction and Copious Histori-
cal Notes. By Gabriel Furman, Member of the New York
Historical Society. New York: William Gowans.

This truly beautiful volume (of about 60 pages octavo) is
the first of an important series relating to the History, Liter-
ature, Biography, Antiquities, and Curiosities of the Amer-
ican Continent. It will consist, chiefly, of reprints from old
and scarce works; an original one will be occasionally in-
troduced. To the reprints, nothing is to be added unless in
the way of notes, or introduction. A part to appear every
six months at least.

Denton’s " New Netherlands,” the opening number of the
series, is the first printed description in the English language
of the region now embraced in the States of New York and
New Jersey. It is very rare. Until the importation of the
copy from which the volume now before us is printed, there
were only two copies in the United States—one in the State
Library at Albany, and one at Harvard. There are only two
copies (accessible) in England. Mr. Aspinwall has one—
the British Museum the other.

A great portion of the book is devoted to Long Island and
New York City. The whole is of exceeding interest—to
say nothing of its value in an historical point of view.

The Democratic Review, for September, is particularly
strong—containing a good article on Lyell’s late work; “ La
Vendetta,” a clever tale by Fanny Kemble; “The Young
Tragedian,” a still better story, by one of our most accom-
plished and most versatile writers, Mrs. E. F. Ellet; “A
Word for Italy,” a gentlemanly essay, by H. T. Tucker-
man; Love’s Emblems,” by Park Benjamin ; and “Labor,”
one of the finest poems we have yet seen from the most
graceful of American poetesses, Mrs. Osgood. We quote it
in full:

LABOR.

BY MRS. FRANCES S. OSGOOD.

Pause not to dream of the future before us '

Pause not to weep the wild cares that come oe’er us !

Hark, how Creation’s deep, musical chorus

Unintermitting, goes up into Heaven !

Never the ocean wave falters in flowing;

Never the little seed stops in its growing ;

More and more richly the Rose-heart keeps glowing,

Till from its nourishing stem it is riven.



“ Labor is worship !”—the robin is singing:

“ Labor is worship !”—the wild bee is ringing :

Listen ! that eloquent whisper upspringing

Speaks to thy soul from out nature’s great heart.

From the dark cloud flows the life-giving shower;

From the rough sod blows the soft breathing flower ;

From the small insect, the rich coral bower;

Only man, in the plan, ever shrinks from his part.



Labor is life !—'Tis the still water faileth:

Idleness ever despaireth, bewaileth ;

Keep the watch wound, for the dark rust assaileth !

Flowers droop and die in the stillness of noon.

Labor is glory !—the flying cloud lightens ;

Only the waving wing changes and brightens ;

Idle hearts only the dark future frightens:

Play the sweet keys wouldst thou keep them in tune !



Labor is rest—from the sorrows that greet us ;

Rest from all petty vexations that meet us,

Rest from sin-promptings that ever entreat us,

Rest from world-syrens that lure us to ill.

Work—and pure slumbers shall wait on thy pillow ;

Work—Thou shalt ride over Care’s coming billow;

Lie not down wearied ’neath Wo’s weeping willow !

Work with a stout heart and resolute will!



Droop not tho’ shame, sin and anguish are round thee !

Bravely fling off the cold chain that hath bound thee !

Look to yon pure Heaven smiling beyond thee !

Rest not content in thy darkness—a clod !

Work—for some good,—be it ever so slowly !

Cherish some flower, be it ever so lowly ?

Labor! All labor is noble and holy:—

Let thy great deeds be thy prayer to thy God !



There is only one really bad article in the number, and that
is insufferable: nor do we think it the less a nuisance be-
cause it inflicts upon ourselves individually a passage of
maudlin compliment about our being a most “ ingenious cri-
tic” and “ prose poet,” with some other things of a similar
kind. We thank for his good-word no man who gives pal-
pable evidence, in other cases than our own, of his incapa-
city to distinguish the false from the true—the right from the
wrong. If we are an ingenious critic, or a prose-poet, it is
not because Mr. William Jones says so. This is the same
gentleman who, in a previous essay for the Democratic Re-
view. took occasion roundly to assert that nothing beyond
"trash"  had ever appeared either in the pages of Graham or
Godey—to assert this in the face of the fact, that there is
scarcely a writer of any eminence in America who has not,
at some period, contributed to one or both of these Maga-
zines. But we happen to know the secret of Mr. Jones’
animosity—at least in the ease of Mr. Graham—who reject-
ed, very properly, a stupid article which was almost forced
upon him by Mr. J.

A gentleman who on such, or who on any grounds, would
suffer himself to speak so flippantly, and with so palpable an
injustice, is entitled, of course, to no credit for honesty of
opinion. And yet Mr. Jones’ present essay on “American
Humor” is sheer opinion—nothing more. There is not a
single point which he attempts to demonstrate. His (Jones’)
ipse dixit is all. Mr. Simms, the novelist, he thinks, is a
fool—or something very near it. Mr. Jones “ regards slight-
ingly the mass of his romantic and poetical efforts”—the ro-
mantic and poetical efforts of decidedly the best novelist which
this country has ever yet, upon the whole, produced. Of
Judge Longstreet, (over whose inimitable “ Georgia Scenes”
the whole continent has been laughing till the tears rolled
from its eyes,) Mr. William Jones has a still more indifferent
opinion. “We know only the name of this gentleman,” he
says, “ and have been unable to get his book, but we appre-
hend that personal partiality has its undue influence in his
(Mr. Simms’) estimate.” Now what right has this Mr.
William Jones, who is in the habit of vilifying Magazines by
wholesale, whenever the editors turn up their noses at his
contributions—what right has he, we say, to suspect any
other person in the world than myself, of the vile sin of cri-
tical dishonesty ? He “has not been able to get” Judge
Longstreet's book—what business then has he (Mr. Jones)
 to form any opinion at all of the correctness or incorrectness
of the opinion of Mr. Simms.

“ The French,” says this Mr. Jones, “ have no humor"—
let him pray Heaven that in Hades he fall not into the clut-
ches of Moliere, of Rabelais, of Voltaire ! Of the humor of
our own countrymen he is much in doubt. A vulgar drivel-
ler, however (Harry Franco), the whole of whose point, as
far as we can understand it, consists in being unable to pen
a sentence of even decent English, our essayist places “ on a
par with Paulding and much above Miss Leslie and Joseph
Neal.” This to be sure is rather an equivocal sentence, bu
we would advise Mr. J. not to visit the city of Brotherl

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

169

Love if he has no inclination to be tarred and feathered :—
we could not conceive a grosser or a more ridiculous insult.

The truth is that this essay on “ American Humor” is con-
temptible both in a moral and literary sense—is the compo-
sition of an imitator and a quack—and disgraces the Maga-
zine in which it makes its appearance.

The American Review for September contains, among other
able papers, one of especial value by Hon. J. R. Ingersoll on
the National Institute—also an article of much interest on
the Bhagoat Geeta and the Doctrine of Immortality. “ He-
licon in Hot Weather” is the title of a pungent and discri-
minating review of numerous late poems—principally abor-
tions—Mr. Lord’s among the number. J. Ross Browne con-
tributes an amusing “ Extract from the Journal of a Whale
Cruiser,” and William Wallace has a noble poem entitled
“ Statuary” from which we venture to make an extract:

Under the music of my heart and brain
Marble should start and tremble into life ;

And men should mark beneath the daring strain,

The troubled quarry’s strife :

There, one by one, the blocks should swiftly fall
From grand and beautiful creatures, who would rise
Like buried kings and queens from prison pall,

And look at me with wondering eyes:

Brave men and lovely women—they who gave
The advancing plume of Time a starry lire ;

Who talked with Spirits—carried Freedom’s glaive,

Or grasped the Immortal with a lyre :
***********
Then I would plant soft grasses, trees, and flowers
Of rarest crlour over all the mould,

And fountain-streams should murmur in some bowers,—

Fenced by a trellis work of fretted gold.

A lofty portal ever open seen
Should woo the city’s toil-o’erwearied race
To that fair sculpture ! They would lean
On rosy plots amid the holy place,

When Night lay dreaming under a rounded moon.

And from those Statues (glimmering through the leaves
That softly whispering to the listening Eves

Some touching tunc learned long ago)

A solemn grandeur and a lender grace
Into their souls should flow.

The stalwart man should learn a nobler strength;

The blooming boyhood an aspiring fire;

And reverend Age should deem he heard at length
The soft, low prelude of a seraph’s choir;

The mother there should gently lean and press
On little rosy feet a tenderer kiss,

And lovers light the shadows of the night
With eyes that shone to each in mutual bliss.

Reclined amid my labor, I would hear
Their voices in the leaves ; and I would sec
The throng, unseen, and whisper with a tear
Of joy,—"They owe it all to me;

To me, who would a-temper so their souls

That they should veil the fierce flash of the spears
Clashing for blood ; Look back ! See how it rolls
In yon deep channels of  the parted years,

Thick with the wave-uplifted hands of Those
Who fought their fellows and went swiftly down
Beneath the Victor; over their repose
He shook an idle crown.

But not like these, my Brothers! shall ye die ;

Something of Heaven is left; and the Ideal.

With all her stars is found, at last, to lie
In that which we have called the Real.’ ”

Wiley and Putnam's Library of Choice Reading. No. XXIII.
Essays of Elia. By Charles Lamb. Second Series.

In onr last we noticed Part I. of these Essays. The present
volume contains some of Lamb’s very best papers.

The Fine Arts.

The National Gallery at the Rotunda.—In our last
we promised to undertake an apparently invidious, and a re-
ally difficult task—in short, to criticise the works of living
painters. In all the so-called criticisms which it has been
our painful experience to peruse in the different newspapers
of the day, we have scarcely ever met with any thing which
deserved the name of criticism. The articles were either
written for the painter by some kind friend, and, of course,
amounted to nothing but fiat and fulsome praise; or they
were concocted for the paper by some penny-a-liner, who
knew nothing of the subject, and who was equally ready,
and quite as capable, to discourse on Sanscrit or astronomy,
if he could find any body to pay him for it. Critics of this
stamp being ill fed, and, of course, peevish and ill-tempered,
gratify their spleen, and try to hide their ignorance, by deal-
ing indiscriminate damnation on the works of all those whose
champaigne and oysters they have not tasted. Such writers
never attempt to point out the particular defects or beauties
of a work of Art; for that would require knowledge. They
seem to think, and, indeed, the public seem to think with
them, that,

A man must serve a time to every trade,

Save Censure ; critics all are ready made !

We have evidence every day of the truth of these remarks
in the idle twaddle in the various papers emanating from
shallow pretenders to knowledge, who, as a last resort, take
to this “ready made” business, in order to gain a scanty sub-
sistence. The amount of injury done to the cause of the
Arts, by this wanton abuse of the public press, is indeed in-
calculable. Modest merit is overlooked, or slighted; the artist
of good standing, if he has self-respect, is also passed by or
treated in a flippant manner, while a few, and probably un-
worthy members of the profession are exalted to the seventh
heaven of admiration. A false standard of taste is raised, a me-
retricious school is supported, and the favored of the “ press”
flourish for a short period in a false halo of glory, then sink
into obscurity, but only to make way fur some other nine-
days’ wonder, to be alike exalted and ultimately killed by
false praise.

Of all the fine Arts, Painting is that of which people in ge-
neral seem to think they possess an inborn knowledge; they
think that it requires no previous study, no habit of contem-
plating fine works of Art, to enable them to discriminate be-
tween the coarse and the beautiful—the poetic and the com-
mon place. To this class we do not belong. We believe
that every man who devotes his mind and time to the inves-
tigation of any art or science, must know more about it than
those who do not pursue it, and is, consequently, better able
to write or speak on the subject. We believe that no man
should attempt to write on Art who has not spent much time
in picture galleries, or in the studios of artists.

Of our own pretensions to knowledge we shall say little,
and only observe, that if much familiarity with the galleries
of England, and frequent association with a vast number of
artists, have (ailed to give us all the requisite knowledge, we
shall at least bring to the task, besides a certain amount of
experience, the most perfect good faith, and the most sincere
desire to do justice to the merits of all artists.

On entering the gallery, the eye is at once attracted by
Cole’s great series of pictures, representing the Progress of
Society. It consists of five pictures, numbered 6, 7, 8, 9, 10,
in the catalogue. In the first, Man is seen as the Savage
Hunter; In the second, the Agricultural period has arrived;

170

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

in the third, the Arts of Peace and War have become fully
developed; in the fourth, the Decline has commenced, and
in the fifth, “ ruin greenly dwells.” The idea of tracing the
progress of a people, was a fine thought, and at once points
out the distinguishing trait in Cole’s genius—imagination.
We know of no parallel to the idea, except Hogarth’s picto-
rial biographies. Whether or not the artist has successfully
treated his very difficult subject, our readers will judge by 
the sequel.

The first picture represents a mountainous coast, the mouth
of a river on the right hand, emptying itself into the sea—
and the sun rising on the left. In the right hand distance,
stands a lofty cliff, with a remarkable boulder on the sum-
mit, serving to identify the place throughout the history. On 
the opposite side of the river is a village of huts, with savages
dancing round a great fire in the centre; while in the fore-
ground on the top of a rocky eminence, amidst frightful pre-
cipices, are hunters pursuing deer, with bow and spear, as-
sisted by their dogs. The scene is in the highest degree
animated ; all is in motion; the clouds and mists are driving
on the coast, and the trees are waving in the wind. Nothing
can exceed the lightness, beauty and truth of the foliage; it
sparkles in the sun and trembles in the breeze. Everything
seems to have sprung into life, from the teeming grossness
of the earth. Wild luxuriance, the unrestrained and undi-
rected efforts of a prodigal Nature, characterizes the entire
scene. Vast trees stretch out their brawny arms to the pass-
ing breeze, while the very ground is choked up by tangled
weeds, which spring up spontaneously on every hand. No
sign of cultivation, not a vestige of order visible:—chaotic
confusion reigns supreme, and gloomy and profound solitude
prevails even in the very presence of man. The conception
is poetical in the highest degree ; its truthfulness is sublime.

Every part of the picture is painted in a masterly manner:
we wish we could pause here, and give only praise, but, as
nothing human is perfect, so this picture has its defects, and
it is our province as critics to attempt to point them out. In
the first place we would suggest that the shadows are too
dark, giving a black and sombre tone to the scene, not in
harmony with the bright and joyous sunrise. The same ob-
servation may apply to the leaden mist, which falls upon the
shore in ponderous masses which no breeze could lift. The
gigantic size of the plants on the brink of the torrent, would
indicate a tropical climate, (not the country of the white
man) while we do not see the same character given to any
other part of the vegetation.

These are faults opposed to truth, but their commission
can be accounted for in our previous remarks. Doubtless
the artist intended them, and sacrificed something to carry
out his noble design, as they form important points in the
striking idea to be conveyed, of vastness and solitude.

Not being well read in St. Hubert’s “ gentle craft,” we are 
unable to say at what period in the progress of civilization,
dogs were first used in packs, in the pursuit of game; but we
cannot help thinking that the painter has perpetrated an
anachronism, and introduced a pack before its time; for it 
is not likely that men could hunt with many dogs, before they 
had horses to follow close behind ; otherwise the dogs would
eat the game before their masters could come to the rescue.
We shall venture to suggest only one or two more inaccu-
racies. The deer, in the foreground, struck with an arrow,
resembles an object hurled into the air, more than an animal
leaping; and the hunter who has shot the deer, would no
longer keep his bow-hand outstretched as in the attitude of
shooting, but would bend the elbow, to enable him to run
with ease.	

We have done with fault-finding, and we think we have
said enough to show that this is a noble picture. We also
trust that the remarks we have offered will induce our rea-
ders to look into this picture, to weigh it well in every point
in order to arrive at the heart of its mystery—in order to be
enabled to follow the artist in the spirit of his conception.

We shall resume the series in our next.

Joseph Buonaparte's collection of pictures at Borden-
town.—The sale of this collection of paintings by old and
modern masters, took place at Bordentown this week. We
shall be furnished with a full account of the sale, the price
each picture brought, with remarks upon their merit, and prob-
able authenticity, by a gentleman, competent to the task, who
was present. We shall probably present it to our readers in
our next number.

Musical Department.

Park Theatre.—First Appearance of the new Opera
Company.—On Monday evening a very crowded and brilliant
audience was assembled within “Old Drury” to listen to the
first notes of the singers, but recently arrived from England.
The advent of a new opera company, is always a period of
great excitement to the citizens of our noble city. They
love an English opera, or an opera in English form, and
though the Italian company and the French company has
each its large list of admirers among the fashionable and
exclusive portions of our varied community, yet the heart
 of the people is with the English opera. Witness the extra-
ordinary success, and unprecedented “ run” of Amalie, and
the no less remarkable triumph of the Bohemian Girl, which
has carried a company, profitably, through the entire range
of the “ States.” A fine fortune has yet to be mane in this
city, by any enterprising man, who shall establish a perma-
nent English opera, supported by an efficient and attractive
company. Stars (!) are not wanted for such an undertaking;
they certainly attract, but they swallow up all the results of
their attraction. A moderately good company permanently
attached to the establishment, would be all sufficient to pro-
duce the much to be desired results.

But to return to the Park. The opera of the Sonnambula
was chosen for the first performance. It would be use-
less at this period to speak of the music of Bellini; it has
stood the test of European criticism for years, and still main-
tains its position, as one of the most melodious and passion-
ate creations, that ever emanated from the brain of its gift-
 ed composer. Its simple, touching and pathetic character,
affects us now even more deeply than on the first occasion
 of our hearing it. Its truth is undeniable, and on this fact
 its popularity is firmly based. The character of Amina is
one of great difficulty. In the beginning, gay, cheerful,

 brimful! of happiness, which has not one alloy ; afterwards,

 goaded almost to madness by false and terrible accusations,
which involve her hitherto unsullied reputation and her eve-
ry hope of happiness: then follows a period of deep dejec-
tion—heart-broken, wretched, conscious of innocence, but un-
 able to prove it to the world, and feeling her misery still
more acutely, from the consciousness that he whom she
loves suffers deeply also ; and finally the violent revolution
of feeling—the sudden transition from the deepest affliction
to the most ecstatic joy.

It will be seen and at once allowed that Miss Delcy se-
lected a very arduous part to appear in; one which has tax-
ed the utmost powers of the greatest artists of the day. To

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

171

say that she acquitted herself well, would be giving much
praise, but she went beyond this, and in many parts rose to
a high point of excellence. She has a soprano voice of good
compass, but of unequal quality; the upper portion is pow-
erful, and when not over exerted, is exceedingly sweet and
melodious ; the middle part is weak and ineffective, while of
the lower range she possesses but little, unless when forced
out in a throaty, but somewhat effective, quality. Her edu-
cation has been founded upon the Italian school, as her meth-
od continually evidences, but we should judge that she had
been removed from pupilage at least two years too soon.
There is a want of artistic finish in all that she executes;
the upper notes are seldom taken truly, and rarely held with
firmness; her execution is neither rapid nor clear;—the chro-
matic scale for instance was extremely inaccurate—her shake
is undecided, and her added fioriture was in extremely bad
taste, being common place and unmelodious. This fault must
however be attributed to her instructor. Her pronunciation
is very imperfect—we could rarely distinguish a word in any
of her recitatives. But to balance these defects Miss Delcy
has in her favor youth, beauty and enthusiasm. Her acting
throughout was excellent. Every phase of the character
was truthfully portrayed, and the strong points carefully
brought out. She sings with great passion, and seems to
pour her whole feelings into her music. This passion, how-
ever, is insufficiently regulated, and often degenerates into
an affected force, (especially in her singing) which entire-
ly mars the effect it is intended to produce. In short, the
peculiarities of the Italian school when unaccompanied by
its acknowledged beauties, assume a breadth which trenches
on the caricature. The peculiarities are easily acquired—
the beauties can only be achieved by time. Miss Delcy only
wanted time to fit her to occupy a prominent position among
the first of English singers. She is yet extremely youthful,
and constant practice in her profession will smooth down
the inequalities of her style; and though we hail her now
as a welcome acquisition to our musical strength, we hope
yet to be able to speak more entirely in her favor.

Mr. Gardiner, the new tenor, possesses a voice, including
his voce di testa, of considerable compass: it is also rich,
mellow and very equal throughout. His style is pure, and
he pours into his music much earnest and impassioned feel-
ing. He has, however, a sad habit of flattening upon the
upper notes of his natural voice ; this mars most seriously
the pleasing effect of his singing, and could he but over-
come this defect—and by steady practice directed to the cor-
rection of this one great fault, he might overcome it—if, we
say, he could conquer this defect, he would certainly rank as
one of the most efficient tenors that ever came from England.
His action is quiet, but by no means restrained or awk-
ward. His figure is manly and well proportioned, and his
face is good. If he does not fall off from the standard his
first appearance has raised, we shall have acquired a valua-
ble addition to our musical strength.

Miss Moss was the Lisa of the evening. She has a voice
of good compass, but of a weak and thin quality. She makes
it appear even thinner and weaker than it is, by interlarding
ber music with cadences at the extreme height of her voice,
which could only be performed with effect by a piccolo flute.
Her song in the third act was really a curiosity.' Such
twiddlings and turnings in the remote region of attissimo,
such marticulate, private and confidential warblings to her-
self, we never before listened to. At first we thought that
the gentleman flauto in the orchestra was indulging in a lit-
tle ad libitum pocosity. We were however, deceived; it,
was a human voice, but tortured altogether out of its pro-

priety. Miss Moss has studied in an exceedingly vicious
school, and has to unlearn much before she can ever achieve
anything. Her action is also faulty. She is always in mo-
tion, and that motion is not regulated by any rules apart.
She should endeavor earnestly to acquire repose in manner,
indeed repose is needed both in her singing and her acting.

Mr. Brough as Count Rodolpho, was received by loud
shouts of approbation. With a few exceptions, in which he
took his own independent time, he got through the music
respectably as far as the notes were concerned, and as to the
style we are unable to pass an opinion, having never heard
anything like it in our whole experience.

Miss Fanny Gordon is evidently unaccustomed to singing
concerted music; she entirely spoilt the beautiful round in
the third act. Her acting was, however, careful and judi-
cious.

Mr. Andrews played the very disagreeable part of Alessio
with much spirit. He took many liberties with his text,
but idiots, especially country idiots in love, are generally al-
lowed every licence, so they do but elicit a laugh.

The choruses were admirably executed throughout the
opera. The singers had evidently been carefully drilled, and
produced an effect altogether unexpected in an English per-
formance. (!) We are truly glad to witness this decided
improvement in such an important branch of operatic music,

Mr. Rophino Lacy has worked wonders in the Park Or-
chestra. Its performance throughout was highly credita-
ble. The pianos were carefully kept, so well indeed, that
fine crescendo effects were made, and yet the hand never
overpowered the voice.

The opera was well got out in every respect.

The Drama.

We continue our extracts from Mr. Murdock’s entertain-
ing MS. “ The Stage.

Macready.—This actor commences his career, as one
“native and to the manor born,”—his father having been a
respectable and successful manager in most of the large
towns of England, who had creditably sustained a certain
rank, as an actor, on the London boards, and who had writ-
ten at least one successful afterpiece, which still holds its
place on the stage. The young aspirant, in this case, is
smitten with the passion for a Thespian life, amidst exciting
impulses, caught from immediate contact with dramatic re-
presentation, and in actual possession of the most advanta-
geous opportunities for observing and studying those highly-
finished models of excellence in the actor’s art, which were
accessible to all England, during the early years of the pre-
sent century, and of which Macready, when younger, must
have enjoyed peculiar facilities for acquiring the most inti-
mate knowledge.

The theatrical tyro, in this instance, comes to the study of
dramatic art with fine opportunities of previous mental cul-
ture ; his father having designed him for the bar, and hav-
ing relinquished this destination of his son only after long
continued solicitation on the part of the latter, and with ex-
treme reluctance on his own.

Here, then, is an example of a debutant starting up from
the very soil of the theatre itself, surrounded with all pro-
fessional “appliances and means to boot.” In these circum-
stances, however, he furnishes the most important of all
lessons to the young aspirant. He learned on no factitious
aid, but, on adopting the profession, gave himself wholly to
the profoundest study. Never was there a more earnest or

172

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

devoted student of the dramatic art; and, when, in the spir-
it of filial regard, he assumed the laborious task of stage-
manager for his father, he read another practical lesson to all
who follow the histrionic art. The stage, under his manage-
ment, became, what it ought always to be, a school of artis-
tical instruction. Every actor had the benefit of his sugges-
tions,—from the primary down to the very humblest parts:
the forenoon rehearsals, under his direction, became a per-
fect preparation for the evening.

All foolish fastidiousness about rank in the green room,
and all petty jealousy on that score, he abolished, at once,
by his own professional enthusiasm for even the slightest ef-
fects that are essential to a dramatic whole,—and by acting
himself on the theory which he inculcated. For successive
years, he made it a point to aid his father’s exertions, by
playing every thing that came to hand in the routine of busi-
ness. His consummate artistic skill is perhaps owing large-
ly to this course which he pursued in early life.

The success which followed his professional zeal and de-
votion, was, at one time, most strikingly exhibited during a
period of his father’s career as manager in Scotland. Mr.
Macready senior had been induced to attempt the hazardous
experiment of taking a lease of the theatre at Glasgow,—a
place somewhat famous, even in Scotland, for its sanctimo-
nious abhorrence of a playhouse. Fanatic zeal had caused
there the burning down of more than one theatre ; and seve-
ral managers, in succession, had ruined themselves in the
attempt to meet the enormous expenses inseparable from the
arrangements of the new theatre, which, in a fit of absurd
reaction against popular bigotry, was built at an extravagant
cost and of colossal dimensions.

The utmost exertions were required, on the part both of
father and son, to render the house attractive ; and the latter
by his efficient control of the stage, as well as his own ad-
mirable playing,—then fresh with all the force of youthful
genius and natural freedom, and ranging over the whole
ground of comedy as well as tragedy,—placed his father’s
enterprise on secure ground, which was maintained for seve-
ral seasons in succession. The varied and arduous duties
which Macready’s station then imposed were never suffered
to interfere with his personal studies ; and the daily ripening
of his judgment, and progressive refinement of his taste, were
continually evinced in the deeper and mellower character of
his style of acting.

One apparently insignificant trait in his Hamlet, will best
avouch the self-correcting power of Macready’s genius, and
the fidelity to truth and nature which study will develop in
the best constituted minds. His early manner in returning
the skull of Yorick to its earthly home, was an inadvertent
act of juvenile extravagance, founded on the mere physical
aversion of the senses to the loathsome object in his hand :—
he literally tossed it over his own head up the stage. Re-
flection soon suggested the quiet and subdued style of acquit-
ting himself in this passage, which now forms a beautiful
trait in his management of the whole part.

The mention of this fact, familiar to those who saw Ma-
cready in his youth, suggests, by mere association, the man-
ner, in the same passage, of our own eminent tragedian,
Forrest. Paragraphists who echo each other’s criticisms,
without observing for themselves, and who repeat the stale
objection to Forrest’s style of acting, that it is all physical
force, &c., &c., might derive a most impressive rebuke from
observing his manner in this instance. He hands, carefully
and tenderly, the precious relic back to the grave-digger, like
one conveying a frail but precious vessel, which carelessness
might drop or injure. The effect is touching in the extreme:

it bespeaks all the gentleness and affectionate regard of the
prince for him who had “ borne him on his back a thousand
times.” You cannot help contrasting the tenderness of
Hamlet, as he almost reverentially returns the skull, holding
it in both hands and giving it up gently and carefully, with
the rough, abrupt, joking style of the grave-digger, who in
his natural ebullition of mingling humor and feeling, gives
 the skull a good-natured slap of familiarity, as he says—“ a
 pestilent rogue!—he poured a flagon of Rhenish on my
head, one day !”

The fact of Macready’s having been introduced to the me-
tropolis at a period when the intensely impassioned style of
Kean had perhaps given an undue bias to public taste, may
have led him, in some things, to force his manner out of its
previous beautiful repose and simplicity, and thus to forego
its peculiarly natural effect, for one more premeditated and
artistic. Let critics determine on such points. At all events,
the lesson which his example affords to young aspirants af-
ter professional distinction, ought to suggest to them the val-
ue of attention and habitual study.

I am well aware that there are those who question the
power and genius of Macready, as an actor, and who object
to his anxiety about details of propriety, on the part of sub-
ordinate performers. But it should never be forgotten that,

 in this country, he is always seen at the disadvantage of the
absence of all those minor appointments, which, when per-
fect in their character, and complete in their extent, give
smoothness and finish to the effects of the stag,e and that he
is seldom sustained by persons habituated to his manner and
assimilated to his style. The case becomes like that of an
individual accustomed to every luxury of life, in its highest
perfection, being required at once to accommodate himself
to scanty diet and homely fare.

Macready’s high conception of ideal excellence in every
point of detail, and his rigor of stage discipline—not to speak
of the deplorable dulness of the material he has sometimes
to mould—have often created prejudices against him, as
prone to harshness and asperity. It is too apt to be forgot-
ten that he who has spent a life, as regards the stage-train-
ing of subordinates, in the process, (to use Sir Walter Scott’s
words about the schoolmaster,) of “ delving sand and, wash-
ing Ethiopians,” is not likely to excel in the good gift of en-
during patience. It would need something more than even
the meekness of Moses to enable a high trained artist, when
wound to one of the highest pitches of inspiration and effect,
to bear calmly the utter demolition of the whole fabric, by
one of those ridiculous blunders of bungling stupidity which
draw tears of laughter, instead of sorrow, from the eyes of
“pitying spectators.”

The genuine humanity of Macready’s nature is attested by
the kind attention and generous aid which, in his early days,
he ever bestowed on those individuals of his father’s com-
pany, who fell into sickness or misfortune, and his liberal
contributions, on all occasions, to beneficiary funds of a pro-
fessional character.

When, playing, on one occasion, at an English provincial
theatre, the manager, (who seems to have been a judicious
reformer,) deducted, at the payment of the stipulated com-
pensation of the actor, one guinea, as the established fine for
the use of a profane word, at rehearsal. The tragedian ac-
ceded, with great cheerfulness, to the deduction, acknowledg-
 ing his impropriety, and approving of the practice of fining
in such cases, and on hearing that such fines went to a fund
for sick er indigent actors, immediately handed ten guineas
as a donation.

A London newspaper, some years ago, contained the fol-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

173

lowing anecdote, illustrative of the genuine humanity of his
disposition:

“ About the usual hour of returning from the theatre, a fire was
raging in an adjoining street or alley. The flames were already dart-
ing from some of the upper windows of a house against which a ladder
was placed, near to a window from which the smoke was already be-
ginning to roll. At the foot of the ladder stood a poor mother, scream-
ing in agony for some one to mount it and save her child. But the per-
il was too great to be encountered by any one of the surrsunding
crowd. All shrunk from the attempt. A tall man, wrapped in a long
cloak, came up, and hearing how matters stood, drew his cloak more
closely around his person, mounted the ladder, and disappeared at the
smoking window. In a few moments, he reappeared, descended, un-
folded his cloak, and placed in the arms of the half-frantic mother her
rescued child. As the individual threw open his cloak, the light of
the fire enabled some one to recognize the form and features of the
tragedian, who immediately withdrew. A a peal of voices, in a mo-
ment, sent up his name above the roar of the flames.

Notwithstanding the conflicting theories of criticism, the
truthfulness and beauty of this noble tragedian’s style, are,
in some of his characters, unrivalled, and hitherto unap-
proachable, as specimens of finished histrionic art, founded
on the deepest study ol nature. The smoothness and fluency
of Booth, if added to the elaborate grandeur of Macready,
would make a glorious but almost superhuman combination
of effect; and could we imagine the whole heightened by
the magnificent breadth and intensely impassioned force of
Forrest, we should have an ideal model of consummate pow-
er and perfection in the art of personation.

Editorial Miscellany.

In a Tale called “ The Rroken-Hearted, a Touching In-
cident of Real Life, by John G. Whittier,” which we find
in a “Philadelphia Saturday Courier” of June 19, 18—(year
torn off) there occurs the following passage:

It cannot be that earth is man’s only abiding place. It cannot be
that our life is a bubble, cast off by the ocean of eternity, to float a
moment upon its waves, and sink into darkness and nothingness. Else
why is it, that the high and glorious aspirations, which leap like an-
gels from the temple of our hearts, arc forever wandering abroad un-
satisfied? Why is it that the rainbow and the cloud come over us
with a beauty that is not of earth, and then pass off, and leave us to
muse upon their faded loveliness ? Why is it that the stars which
hold their festivals around the midnight throne, are set above the
grasp of our limited faculties—forever mocking us with their unap-
proachable glory ? And why is it—that bright forms of human beau-
ty are present to our view and then taken from us, leaving the thou-
sand streams of our affection to flow back in an alpine torrent upon
our hearts ? We are bom for a higher destiny than that of earth.
There is a realm where the rainbow never fades—where the stars will
he spread out before us, like islands that slumber on the ocean—and
where the beautiful beings which here pass before us like visions, will
stay in our presence forever.

The passage subjoined is also lying before us in print—
but we are unable to trace its source. It is attributed to
Bulwer—whether rightly or not we cannot say.

I cannot believe that earth is man’s abiding place. It cannot be
 that life is cast upon the ocean of eternity to float for a moment upon 
its waves and sink into nothingness ! Else why is it that the glorious
aspirations which leap like angels from the temples of our hearts, are
forever wandering about unsatisfied ? Why is it that the rainbow and
clouds come over us with a beauty that is not of earth ; and then pass
off and leave us to muse on their loveliness ? Why is it that the stars
who hold their festival around their midnight throne are set above
the grasp of our limited faculties, forever mocking us with unapproach-
able glory ? And finally, why is it that bright forms of human beau-
ty are presented to our view and then taken from us, leaving the thou-
sand streams of our affections to flow back in Alpine torrents upon our

earts ? We are born for a higher destiny than that of earth : there is

a realm where the rainbow never fades—where the stars will be spread
out before us like the islands that slumber in the ocean ; and where
the beings that pass before us like shadows, will stay in our presence
forever!

Somebody has perpetrated a gross plagiarism in the pre-
mises, but we have not the slightest idea that this somebody
is Mr. Whittier. We have too high an opinion of his integ-
rity to believe him guilty of this, the most despicable species
of theft. Most despicable, we say. The ordinary pick-
pocket filches a purse, and the matter is at an end. He nei-
ther lakes honor to himself, openly, on the score of the pur-
loined purse, nor does he subject the individual robbed to the
charge of pick-pocketism in his own person; by so much the
less odious is he, then, than the filcher of literary property.

It is impossible, we should think, to imagine a more sickening
spectacle than that of the plagiarist, who walks among man-
kind with an erecter step, and who feels his heart beat
with a prouder impulse, on account of plaudits which he
is conscious are the due of another. It is the purity,
the nobility, the ethereality of just fame—it is the con-
trast between this ethereality and the grossness of the
crime of theft, which places the sin of plagiarism in so
detestable a light.	We are horror-stricken to find existing

in the same bosom the soul-uplifting thirst for fame, and the
debasing propensity to pilfer. It is the anomaly—the dis-
cord—which so grossly offends.

We repeat, that, in the case now in question, we are
quite confident of the blamelessness of Mr. Whittier—but
we would wish that the true criminal be ruthlessly exposed.
Who is he ? No doubt some of our friends can tell us. We
remember in one of the poems of Delta (published, perhaps
in the seventh volume of Blackwood) something which very
remarkably resembles the passages quoted above.

Another parallel—Here are the concluding lines of
“ Knowledge is Power, a Poem pronounced before the Juni-
or Lyceum of the City of Chicago, on the 22d of February
1843, by William H. Bushnell.

To each and all, may life’s wide sea
Ne’er rise before your sail—

But may your course be ever free
From each tempestuous gale:

And may you pass your portals fair
To Heaven, free and light—

And life be mingled less with care
Than his, who bids you now—good night.

And here are the concluding lines of “ The Age; a Satire
pronounced before the New York Society of Literature at the
Second Anniversary, January 23d, 1845, by Alfred Wheeler.”
And may sweet dreams of love and truth,

Upon your slumbers rest,

And cloudless hope, the joy of youth,

Dwell peaceful in each breast—

And may your fives be free from care,

Your path be ever bright,

Your days, more promising and fair,

Than mine have been—Good night!

Professor Horncastle gave his first entertainment, in
this country, at the Society Library, last week. We were
unable to attend his performance.

While glancing at his “ posters” we were much struck by
the following paragraph. “ The Professor thinks it right,
in consequence of the frequent mistakes, to make it generally
known that he never was on the stage. It is a Mr. James
Henry Horncastle, who was formerly at the theatre. If his
friends will look at the initials of the name, they will see
 the mistake.”

The Professor may think it right to make this announce-

174

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ment, but we think it extremely wrong. In the first place,
of what consequence is it, whether he was or was not upon
the stage ? The fact, if established, does not make him
either a better singer or a better man. In the next place it
would certainly have been in much better taste had he said
—the party for whom I am mistaken is my brother, and not
a Mr. James Henry Horncastle. It would have been in bet-
ter taste, for the reason, that this Mr. James Henry Horn-
castle is very generally known in this city, not only for his
talents, which are considerable and versatile, but for his
gentlemanly demeanor and honorable conduct. We there-
fore think that the professor need not be very much shocked,
even if he should be mistaken for his brother: at any rate
the announcement is a gratuitous exposure of some affair
with which the public has nothing to do, and which should
certainly have been kept back while the party so slighting-
ly spoken of, is absent from the country, and therefore un-
able to define his own position.

We have been frequently asked from what source Pro-
fessor Horncastle derives his title of Professor? What Pro-
fessorship does he bold ? To these questions we are una-
ble to reply, never having seen an account of Mr. Horn-
castle’s election to a vacant chair.

The Mesmeric journals, and some others, are still making
a to-do about the tenability of Mr. Vankirk’s doctrines as
broached in a late Magazine paper of our own, entitled
“Mesmeric Revelation.”. “The Regenerator” has some
very curious comments, indeed : it says:

“ However accurate or inaccurate the reasons of this clairvoyant
may have been, it is self-evident to me they were heterogeneous and
probably were solecisms ; at all events they were unintelligible in my
apprehension—his “unparticled matter,” i.e. “God,” “ God in qui-
escence,” i. e. “ mind,” &c. I would fain transcribe verbatim his an-
swers to his mesmerisers, but brevity, which is your legitimate due,
forbids : therefore let the following suffice, viz.—

Question : What is God ? Answer: [after a long pause,] “ It is diffi-
cult to tell; he is not spirit, for he exists; nor is he matter, as you
understand it—immateriality is a mere word; but there are gradations
of matter, of which man knows nothing; the grosser impelling the
finer, the finer pervading the grosser; the gradations of matter in-
crease in rarity or fineness until we arrive at a matter unparticled ;—
here the law of impulsion aud permeation is modified ; this matter is
God, and thought is this matter in motion.” And lastly—“ It is clear,
however, that it is as fully matter as before.” If this is not incoherent
language, then am I no competent judge of logic. However, the argu-
ment, if sane, in reality amounts to materialism, and our clairvoyant is
a materialist still, and propagating the doctrine I have maintained and
held forth to the world more than thirty years, viz., that God is mat-
ter—is “ all in all”—as the Christian Scriptures declare. Be that as
it may, there can be no effect without a natural cause; hence I con-
clude Vankirk’s ratiocination was the legitimate or natural effect of his
former cogitations and present anxiety concerning this much harped
upon theological enigma—the soul’s immortality.

Now would not any one suppose, that our sentence as
above given, viz.: “ It is as clear, however, that it is as fully
matter as before”—would not any one suppose that it imme-
diately followed the words “ matter is motion,” and that the
“ it ” referred to “ thought ?” Of course, any one would.
But, as we wrote them, the sentences are separated by some
dozen intervening paragraphs, and there is no connexion
whatever.

These things, however, are of little consequence. We
wait with great patience for the end of the argumentation.

A correspondent of Mr. Simms’ Monthly Magazine
makes some odd mistakes in giving that work an account of
literary people and literary doings in New York. Some
omissions in the lists of contributors to the principal Maga-

zines, are particularly noticeable. Many constant writers are
unmentioned, and some of the occasional ones paraded forth,
are no credit to the journals in question. In speaking of the
“Broadway Journal,” the correspondent announces, as its
only contributors, Mrs. Childs and T. H. Chivers. Of the
former we never heard. Dr. Chivers never contributed a
line to our paper in his life. Our regular contributors would
do honor to any Magazine in the land—Lowell, Simms, Ben-
jamin, Duyckinck, Page, (the artist,) the author of the Vision
of Rubeta, Tuckerman, Mrs. Osgood, Mrs. Ellett, Mrs.
Hewitt, Miss Lawson, Miss Fuller, and so forth, are writers
 of which any journal might be proud.

Emerson’s Arithmetic has been translated into modern
Greek.

Frederica Bremer, the gifted Swedish novelist, will not
come here, as she intended, this summer, her visit being ne-
 cessarily postponed till another year, by the illness of a near
friend.

A suit for libel has been instituted against J. Fenimore
Cooper, by the Rev. Mr. Tiffany of Cooperstown.

We call the attention of our readers to some beautiful six
octave piano fortes, now in the store of Mr. Chambers, 385
Broadway. They are well finished, possess a beautiful qual-
ity of tone, with great power and delicacy of touch.

Let those in need of a piano forte, call and see these in-
struments.

The work of Von Raumer, the Prussian traveller and critic, on the
United States, has appeared, and its table of contents is said to be of
great promise. A translation may be expected to appear shortly in
this country. Mrs. Ellett, of South Carolina, will probably translate it.
—N. O. Picayune.

The Baron’s comments on American literature are parti-
cularly vapid. He seems to have not the remotest conception
of the actual condition of our letters. The translation is
completed. Mrs. Ellet has done only a portion—though
abundantly able to have done all, and well.

We learn from Messrs. Robinson and Jones that the subscription
papers for the volume of Poems, by Lewis J. Cist, have been very
well filled, and that the work is now in press. Mr. C. bas written a
great deal for eastern and western magazines and papers, and has ma-
ny admirers who will be pleased to possess his productions in a col-
lected form. A number of his poems have had a very wide circulation,
and given his name a place among the younger Bards of America.—
Cincinnati Gazette.

Mr. William Fairman, of this city, bas become, for the present, inter-
ested in the conduct of the “ Broadway Journal."  He is about taking
a tour through some of the States, for the purpose of promoting the
general interests of the work, and we commend him to the attention of
our friends.

THE MISSES SEDGWICK’S BOARDING and

DAY SCHOOL re-opened on Wednesday the 10th of September,
at No. 12 WEST WASHINGTON PLACE, where Circulars may be
obtained ; also at the bookstores of Roe Lockwood & Son, No. 411
Broadway, and Shepard, 191 Broadway.

NEW WORK ON MUSIC.

RUDUDIMENTAL LESSONS IN MUSIC, contain-

ing THE PRIMARY INSTRUCTION REQUISITE FOR ALL
BEGINNERS IN THE ART, VOCAL OR INSTRUMENTAL.—
This work has just been published by D. Appleton & Co. 200 Broad-way.

J. F. WARNER, the author of the above work, and the translator
of Weber’s Theory, &c. &c. will open a new Class in the Elements of
Music and in learning to Sing, at his room No. 411 Broadway, on
Monday evening, Sept. 59th, at 8 o’clock. This class will enjoy tar
better privileges than any previous one. Full explanations will
given at the time. Admission free.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

175

NEARLY READY,

THE MEDICI SERIES OF ITALIAN PROSE,

Part IV—The CITIZEN OF A REPUBLIC, by Ansaldo Ceba.
1 vol. 12mo. 50 Cents.

This work has been the manual of Italian Republicans, when Italy
could boast of freedom. It is enriched with elegant learning, and
written with all that terseness and solemn earnestness which charac-
terised the great writers of the republics of antiquity.

IN PRESS,

1.	THE AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF VITTORIA ALFIERI.

2.	PRAIRIEDOM ; or Texas and New Estramadura. 1 vol. 12mo
By a Southerner. This work will contain valuable Statistical Infor-
mation, blended with original and entertaining Sketches of Travel.

3.	THE ARTIST, THE MERCHANT, AND THE STATES-
MAN. 2 vols. 12mo.

4.	A NEW WORK ON GREECE. By G. A. Perdicaras, U. S.
Consul at Athens.

5.	MINIATURE LIBRARY OF AMERICAN POETS. Part I.
Melodies by Gen. Geo. P. Morris. 32mo. gilt.

6.	THE PRINCE. By Machiavelli.

PAINE & BURGESS, 62 John Street.

J. BALLARD, Professor of the GUITAR, SING-

ING, and FLUTE, No. 135 Spring Street.

CARD OF REMOVAL. — Mr. W. A. KING, Pro-

fessor of Music and Teacher of the Piano Forte and Organ, has
Removed to the First House above Twenty-Fifth Street on the Rail-
Road (4th Avenue.)

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER.—JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near Elm. A

Large Stock of the finest instruments always on hand. Terms mode-
rate. FOR SALE—A Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a
great bargain for cash.

PIANO-FORTES

CHEAP FOR CASH.—The subscribers have on hand

a handsome assortment, 6, 6 1/2 and 7 octave, mahogany and rosewood
pianos, which they will warrant and sell low for cash or approved pa-
per.

GLENN, ROGERS & CO., Manufacturers,

152 Fulton street, East of Broadway.

PIANO FORTES.

H WORCESTER, NO. 139 THIRD AVENUE,

• Corner of 14th Street, respectfully informs his friends and the
public, that he has a good assortment of Piano Fortes, in Rosewood
and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons wishing to pur-
chase will find it to their advantage to call and examine before pur-
chasing elsewhere.

PIANO FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to
the elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establish-
ment, corner of Cottage Place and Bleecker street, which he will sell
at prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twen-
ty years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two
of the largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying that
nis instruments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the
cost makers in this country or Europe, and that they contain all the
fcal improvements of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Toned and

Repaired.

New York, April 23d, 1845.

NEW NOVELS OF GREAT INTEREST,
JUST PUBLISHED BY H. Q. DAGGERS,

30 ANN STREET, NEW YORK.

THE COTTON LORD. By Mrs. Stone. A Ro-

mance of the Rich and Poor, written by a Lady of brilliant ta-
lents. 25 Cents.

FRANKENSTEIN, by Mrs. Mary W. Shelley, wife of the illustri-
ous poet. “ It is among the most exciting and terrible of modem ro-
mances.’'— Tribune. 25 Cents.

LAWRIE TODD, by John Galt, with an original Preface by the
original Lawrie Todd, viz.: Grant Thorburn, Esq. “ Mr. Thorburn’s
Preface is worth more than the price asked for the novel.” 25 Cents.

THE NUN ; or, Life in a Convent. By one of the Sisterhood. “ A
terrible exposition of the secret practices of Roman Catholics.” 25 c.

POOR JACK. By Captain Marryatt, author of Midshipman Easy,
Peter Simple, &c. 25 Cents.

N.B. All of the above will be sent for One Dollar to any person or-
dering them through Postmasters, who are by law authorized to remit
money to publishers. Any Postmaster ordering the above shall be
presented with either novel he may select.

POPULAR LITERARY NOVELTIES,

RECENTLY ISSUED BY

HARPER AND BROTHERS,

NEW YORK.

I.

MISS BEECHER’S DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

A Treatise on Domestic Economy, for the Use of young Ladies at
Home and at School. By Catherine E. Beecher. Revised Edition,
with many Engravings. l2mo. 75 cents.

" A volume of especial value to the domestic circle, comprising a
large amount of important instruction respecting the duties of do-
mestic life and the educational training of females.”—Courier.

II.

THE DUTY OF AMERICAN WOMEN TO
THEIR COUNTRY.

1 vol. 18mo. 37 1/2 cents.

This appeal might well be in the hands of every female in the
land ; its design is to aid in the correction of abuses in several depart-
ments of popular education. We therefore commend the volume to
the especial notice of our readers.—Commercial Advertiser.

III.

HUMBOLDT’S COSMOS..

Cosmos: a Survey of the general Physical History of the Universe.
By Alexander Von Humboldt. (Publishing in Numbers.)

" A renowned production, by the greatest of scientific writers.”—
Courier.

IV.

DR. ABERCROMBIE’S NEW ESSAYS.

Miscellaneous Essays. By John Abercrombie, M. D., author of “ In-
quiries into the Intellectual Powers,” &c. 1 vol. 18mo. 50 cents.

" These essays will be read with pleasure and profit by all who will
read them.”—Anglo-American.

V.

PRAISE AND PRINCIPLE;

or, For what shall I Live ? By the Author of “ Conquest and Self-
Conquest.” 1 vol. 18mo. 37 1/2 cents.

The story is really admirable—equal to Sandford and Merton, and
somewhat represents it in general tone and manner.—Broadway Jour-
nal.

VI.

BARNES’S NOTES ON EPHESIANS, &c.

Notes, explanatory and practical, on the Epistles of Paul to the Ephe-
sians, Philippians, and Colossians. By Albert Barnes. 1 vol. 12mo.
Engravings. 75 cents.

VII.

PLATO AGAINST THE ATHEISTS;

With Critical Notes and Dissertations. By Taylor Lewis, L.L.D. of
New-York University. 1 vol. 12mo. $1,00.

" No more acceptable or timely contribution to the cause of sound
classical education could possibly have been made than this. The
leading object of the work, even paramount to its relation to education,
seems to have been fo furnish an antidote to the progressive atheism of
the present age.”—Courier & Enquirer.

VIII.

TRAVELS OF MARCO POLO,

Newly collected from valuable MSS. in the Geographical Societies of
France and Italy, with copious notes and illustrations by Hugh Mur-
ray, with Maps, &c. 18mo. muslin. Price 50 Cents.

IX.

A PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES,

Through the Valley of the Meuse, and the Forest of Ardennes. By
C. Edward Anthon. 1 vol. 75 cents
"A very pleasing, and more than ordinary useful book of travels.”
—Evangelist.

" The volume is replete with antiquarian lore relating to the city of
Charlemagne, and the renowned city of Treves. It is evidently the
work of a scholar, and cannot fail to enlist a profound interest.—Oswe-
go Advertiser.

X.

ENCYCLOPӔDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

A complete Repertory of all Matters connected with the Economy of
Housekeeping. By T. Webster, Esq. Edited, with Additions, &c.,
by an American Physician. Copiously Illustrated. $3, 50.

" This is decidedly a book for the million: it contains all that pre-
cise kind of information adapted to the use of families, and which one
may seek for in vain elsewhere.”—New-York Evening Gazette.

176

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

J. F. BROWNE & CO.

MANUFACTURERS OF THE

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION HARP,

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard,

J.F. BROWNE respectfully informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for

the manufacture and importation of these very beautiful instruments, at

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are snch as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the high duties imposed by
Tariff on these Instruments.

J. F. Browne would observe, these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modem improvements of London and
Paris are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism. Particular care is taken to fit them for the ex-
treme’s of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufacture, imported in the usual way.

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe; among the latter, he would mention N. C Bochsa,
who invariably selects from this establishment.

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional talent in this country.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of testing

their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof against the in-
constancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction. I am yours, CHARLES THIB AULT,
January, 1845.	No. 40 Beach Street, N. Y.

Dear Sir:— I write to exrress the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella’s Concert in this city. The
mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old Master,
Bochsa, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other.	Yours, most truly, H. G. TRUST.

Philadelphia, March 4th, 1844.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—I have much pleasure in saying, that the Harp of your make I performed on at the St. George’s Society Concert,
is, in brilliancy of tone, touch and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever played on. This will apply to all your Harps. The Grand six
and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument.	Yours, with respect, ELIZABETH SLOMAN."

New York, January 16th, 1845.	A pupil of N. C. Bochsa.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—Having at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps. I find they possess the best qualities of the
first Makers in Europe combined. That the ease of touch, by which the most brilliant tone is obtained, the perfection and ease of modulation,
they are superior to any I have used; their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste. Your new Grand Gothic six and a half oc-
tavo, is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world; it will give me great pleasure in recommending your Harps at every
opportunity.	Yours Truly, HENRY HORN.

January 12th, 1854.	An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every way capable of making a
correct decision. J. F. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Arts, Philadelphia, for his splendid improvements in
this delightful Instrument.

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published monthly, at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since
1835, has a large subscription list, and is the principal organ of 
Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the " Broad-
way Journal,” 135 Nassau streeet.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

THE FIRST PREMIUM AWARDED FIVE YEARS BY THE AMERICAN INSTI-
TUTE FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF HAND PENMANSHIP.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough course
of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and Sta-
tionery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P. M., daily, for gentlemen,
and from 11 to 1 o’clock, for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

MUSIC.

A Rare Opportunity of Acquiring a Thorough Musical Education.

G. H. DERWORT, Professor of Singing, Guitar and
Piano Forte, has opened a class for Young Ladies, from 7 to 10
years of age, among whom are three of his own daughters, whom he
proposes to thoroughly instruct in the art of Singing.

Mr. Derwort’s system is the result of many years’ observation and
experience, during which he has successfully taught in Germany, Lon-
don, and New York. His method cannot fail to impart to his pupils
a clear perception, and a thorough knowledge of the grammatical
principles of music, with the ability to harmonize any simple given
melody.

Parents and Guardians are invited to call at his Rooms, 427 Broad-
way, when every inquiry will be answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in advance. Lessons
three times a week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

WEDDING, VISITING, and PROFESSIONAL

CARDS, engraved and printed at VALENTINE’S, 1 Beekman
Street—Lovejoy’s Hotel.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made
from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful
workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the busines
N. B. Wanted, a second-hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes on hire by the month.

PIANO FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

(formerly Conductor to Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway,
will keep a complete assortment of the latest approved Grand Action
Piano Fortes, of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to
guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish,
and to endure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard
prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on hire.

PIANO FORTES. The Subscribers, while return-
ing thanks to their numerous friends and to the public, would, at
the same time call attention to their Stock of Instruments, of six and
seven octaves, just finished, in elegant Rosewood and mahogany cases.

The subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM, 361 Broadway.

Manufactory, 13th st., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

Our First Volume.—A few copies of the first volume of the Broadway
Journal are for sale at the office, either in numbers or neatly bound.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.	    Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia.

R. G. H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct.   Thos. H. Pease, New Haven, Ct.

M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.	J. C. Morgan, New Orleans.

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O.	W.W. Kingsley, New-London, Ct.

D.M. Dewey, Rochester, N.Y.	G. N. Beesley, Utica, N. Y.

J. Robertson, Syracuse, N.Y.	H. B. Strang, Peekskill, N. Y.

W.E. Russell, Schenectady, N.Y.        Haliburton & Dudley, Boston, Ms.

Levi Willard, Troy, N. Y.	S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.

G. Jones, Albany, N.Y.	Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct.

S.F. Hoyt, Newburgh, N.Y.	H. Esten, Providence, R. I.

Shurtz & Wilde, Baltimore, Md.	Salford & Park, Norwich. Ct.

S. Hart, sen., Charleston, S. C