THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 1.

Three Dollars per Annum.
Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, MAY 3, 1845.

C. F. BRIGGS, EDGAR A, POE, H. C. WATSON, EDITORS,

NO. 18.

Published at 135 Nassau St.
By JOHN BISCO.

HOUSE FURNITURE.

In the internal decoration, if not in the external architec-
ture of their residences, the English are supreme. The Ital-
ians have but little sentiment beyond marbles and colors.
In France meliora probant, deteriora sequuntur—the people
are too much a race of gad-abouts to maintain those house-
hold proprieties of which, indeed, they have a delicate ap-
preciation, or at least the elements of a proper sense. The
Chinese and most of the eastern races have a warm but in-
appropriate fancy. The Scotch are poor decorists. The
Dutch have, perhaps, an indeterminate idea that a curtain is
not a cabbage. In Spain they are all curtains a nation of
hangmen. The Russians do not furnish. The Hottentots
and Kickapoos are very well in their way. The Yankees
alone are preposterous.

How this happens it is not difficult to see. We have no
aristocracy of blood, and having therefore as a natural, and
indeed as an inevitable thing, fashioned for ourselves an aris-
tocracy of dollars, the display of wealth has here to take
the place and perform the office of the heraldic display in
monarchical countries. By a transition readily understood,
and which might have been as readily foreseen, we have
been brought to merge in simple show our notions of taste it-
self.

To speak less abstractly. In England, for example, no
mere parade of costly appurtenances would be so likely as
with us, to create an impression of the beautiful in respect
to the appurtenances themselves—or of taste as regards the
proprietor :—this for the reason, first, that wealth is not, in
England, the loftiest object of ambition as constituting a no-
bility; and secondly, that there the true nobility of blood,
confining itself within the strict limits of legitimate taste,
rather avoids than affects that mere costliness in which a
parvenu rivalry may at any time be successfully attempted.
The people will imitate the nobles, and the result is a tho-
rough diffusion of the proper feeling. But in America the
coins current being the sole arms of the aristocracy, their
display may be said, in general, to be the sole means of aris-
tocratic distinction; and the populace, looking always up-
ward for models, are insensibly led to confound the two en-
tirely separate ideas of magnificence and beauty. In short,
the cost of an article of furniture has at length come to be,
with us, nearly the sole test of its merit in a decorative
Point of view—and this test, once established, has led the
way to many analogous errors, readily traceable to the one
primitive folly.

There could be nothing more directly offensive to the eye
of an artist than the interior of what is termed in the United

States—that is to say in Appallachia—a well furnished

apartment. Its most usual defect is a want of keeping. We

speak of the keeping of a room as we would of the keeping
of a picture—for both the picture and the room are amena-
ble to those undeviating principles which regulate a varie-
ties of art, and very nearly the same laws by which we de-

cide on the higher merits of a painting, suffice for decision
on the adjustment of a chamber.

A want of keeping is observable sometimes in the charac-
ter of the several pieces of furniture, but generally in their
colors or modes of adaptation to use. Very often the eye
is offended by their inartistical arrangement. Straight lines
are too prevalent—too uninterruptedly continued—or clum-
sily interrupted at right angles. If curved lines occur, they
are repeated into unpleasant uniformity. By undue precision
the appearance of many a fine apartment is utterly spoiled.

Curtains are rarely well disposed, or well chosen, in re-
spect to other decorations. With formal furniture curtains
are out of place; and an extensive volume of drapery of any
kind is, under any circumstances, irreconcilable with good
taste: the proper quantum, as well as the proper adjust-
ment, depending upon the character of the general effect.

Carpets are better understood of late than of ancient days,
but we still very frequently err in their patterns and colors.
The soul of the apartment is the carpet. From it are de-
duced not only the hues but the forms of all objects incum-
bent. A judge at common law may be an ordinary man ; a
good judge of a carpet must be a genius. Yet we have heard
discoursing of carpets, with the air “ d'un mouton qui réve,”
fellows who should not and who could not be entrusted with
the management of their own moustaches. Every one knows
that a large floor may have a covering of large figures, and
that a small one must have a covering of small—yet this is
not all the knowledge in the world. As regards texture the
Saxony is alone admissible. Brussels is the preter-pluper-
fect tense of fashion, and Turkey is taste in its dying ago-
nies. Touching pattern—a carpet should not be bedizzened
out like a Riccaree Indian—all red chalk, yellow ochre, and
cock’s feathers. In brief—distinct grounds, and vivid circu-
lar or cycloid figures, of no meaning, are here Median laws.
The abomination of flowers, or representations of well-known
objects of any kind, should not be endured within the limits
of Christendom. Indeed, whether on carpets, or curtains,
or tapestry, or ottoman-coverings, all upholstery of this na-
ture should be rigidly Arabesque. As for those antique floor-
cloths still occasionally seen in the dwellings of the rabble
—cloths of huge, sprawling, and radiating devices, stripe-
interspersed, and glorious with all hues, among which no
ground is intelligible,—these are but the wicked invention
of a race of time-servers and money-lovers—children of Baal
and worshippers of Mammon—Benthams, who to spare
thought, and economize fancy, first cruelly invented the Kal-
eidoscope, and then established joint-stock companies to twirl

it by steam.

     Glare is a leading error in the philosophy of American
household decoration—an error easily recognized as deduced
from the perversion of taste just specified. We are violent-

ly enamoured of gas and of glass. The former is totally in-
admissible within doors. Its harsh and unsteady light of-
fends No one having both brains and eyes will use it. A
mild, or what artists term a cool light, with its consequent

274

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

warm shadows, will do wonders for even an ill-furnished
apartment. Never was a more lovely thought than that of
the astral lamp. We mean, of course, the astral lamp pro-
per— the lamp of Argand, with its original plain ground
glass shade, and its tempered and uniform moonlight rays.
The cut glass shade is a weak invention of the enemy. The
eagerness with which we have adopted it, partly on account
of its flashiness, but principally on account of its greater cost,
is a good commentary on the proposition with which we be-
gan. It is not too much to say that the deliberate employ-
er of a cut glass shade, is either radically deficient in taste,
or blindly subservient to the caprices of fashion. The light
proceeding from one of these gaudy abominations is unequal,
broken, and painful. It alone is sufficient to mar a world of
good effect in the furniture subjected to its influence. Fe-
male loveliness, in especial, is more than one half disenchant-
ed beneath its evil eye.

In the matter of glass, generally, we proceed upon false
principles. Its leading feature is glitter—and in that one
word how much of all that is detestable do we express!
Flickering, unquiet lights are sometimes pleasing—to child-
ren and idiots always so—but in the embellishment of a
room they should be scrupulously avoided. In truth, even
strong steady lights are inadmissible. The huge and un-
meaning glass chandeliers, prism-cut, gas-lighted, and with-
out shade, which dangle in our most fashionable drawing-
rooms, may be cited as the quintessence of all that is false
in taste or preposterous in folly.

The rage for glitter—because its idea has become, as we
before observed, confounded with that of magnificence in the
abstract—has led us, also, to the exaggerated employment
of mirrors. We line our dwellings with great British plates,
and then imagine we have done a fine thing. Now the
slightest thought will be sufficient to convince any one who
has an eye at all, of the ill effect of numerous looking-glass-
es, and especially of large ones. Regarded apart from its
reflection, the mirror presents a continuous, flat, colorless,
unrelieved surface—a thing always and obviously unpleasant.
Considered as a reflector, it is potent in producing a mon-
strous and odious uniformity:—and the evil is here aggravat-
ed, not in merely direct proportion with the augmentation of
its sources, but in a ratio constantly increasing. In fact, a
room with four or five mirrors arranged at random, is, for all
purposes of artistic show, a room of no shape at all. If we
add to this evil, the attendant glitter upon glitter, we have a
perfect farrago of discordant and displeasing effects. The
veriest bumpkin, on entering an apartment so bedizzened,
would be instantly aware of something wrong, although he
might be altogether unable to assign a cause for his dissatis-
faction. But let the same person be led into a room taste-
fully furnished, and he would be startled into an exclamation
of pleasure and surprise.

It is an evil growing out of our republican institutions,
that here a man of large purse has usually a very little soul
which he keeps in it. The corruption of taste is a portion
or a pendant of the dollar-manufacture. As we grow rich
our ideas grow rusty. It is, therefore, not among our aristo-
cracy that we must look (if at all, in Appallachia) for the spi-
rituality of a British boudoir. But we have seen apartments
in the tenure of Americans of modern means—which, in ne-
gative merit at least, might vie with any of the or-molu'd
cabinets of our friends across the water. Even now, there is
present to our mind's eye a small and not ostentatious cham-
ber with whose decorations no fault can be found. The pro-
prietor lies asleep on a sofa—the weather is cool—the time
is near midnight—we will make a sketch of the room during
his slumber.

It is oblong—some thirty feet in length and twenty-five in
breadth—a shape affording the best (ordinary) opportunities
for the adjustment of furniture. It has but one door—by no
means a wide one—which is at one end of the parallelogram,
and but two windows, which are at the other. These latter
are large, reaching down to the floor—have deep recesses,
and open on an Italian veranda. Their panes are of a crim-
son-tinted glass, set in rose-wood framings, more massive
than usual. They are curtained within the recess, by a thick
silver tissue adapted to the shape of the window, and hang-
ing loosely in small volumes. Without the recess are cur-
tains of an exceedingly rich crimson silk, fringed with a deep
network of gold, and lined with the silver tissue, which is
the material of the exterior blind. There are no cornices;
but the folds of the whole fabric (which are sharp rather
than massive, and have an airy appearance) issue from be-
neath a broad entablature of rich gilt work, which encircles
the room at the junction of the ceiling and walls. The dra-
pery is thrown open also, or closed, by means of a thick rope
of gold loosely enveloping it, and resolving itself readily into
a knot;—no pins or other such devices are apparent. The
colors of the curtains and their fringe—the tints of crimson
and gold—appear everywhere in profusion, and determine
the character of the room. The carpet, of Saxony material,
is quite half an inch thick, and is of the same crimson ground,
relieved simply by the appearance of a gold cord (like that
festooning the curtains) slightly relieved above the surface of
the ground, and thrown upon it in such a manner as to form
a succession of short irregular curves—one occasionally over-
laying the other. The walls are papered with a glossy paper
of a silver grey tint, spotted with small Arabesque devices
of a fainter hue of the prevalent crimson. Many paintings
relieve the expanse of the paper. These are chiefly land-
scapes of an imaginative cast—such as the fairy grottoes of
Stanfield, or the lake of the Dismal Swamp, of Chapman.
There are, nevertheless, three or four female heads, of an
ethereal beauty—portraits in the manner of Sully. The tone
of each picture is warm, but dark. There are no “ brilliant
effects.” Repose speaks in all. Not one is of small size.
Diminutive paintings give that spotty look to a room, which
is the blemish of so many a fine work of Art overtouched.
The frames are broad but not deep, and richly carved, with-
out being dulled or fillagreed. They have the whole lustre
of burnished gold. They lie flat on the walls, and do not
hang of! with cords. The designs themselves are often seen
to better advantage in this latter position, but the general
appearance of the chamber is injured. But one mirror, and
this not a very large one, is visible. In shape it is nearly
circular—and it is hung so that a reflection of the person can
be obtained from it in none of the ordinary sitting-places of
the room. Two large low sofas of rose-wood and crimson
silk, gold-flowered, form the only seats with the exception
of two light conversation chairs, also of rose-wood. There
is a piano-forte (rose-wood also,) without cover, and thrown
open. An octagonal table, formed altogether of the richest
gold-threaded marble, is placed near one of the sofas. This
is also without cover—the drapery of the curtains has been
thought sufficient. Four large and gorgeous Sevres vases,
in which bloom a profusion of sweet and vivid flowers, oc-
cupy the slightly rounded angles of the room. A tall cande-
labrum, bearing a small antique lamp with highly perfumed
oil, is standing near the head of my sleeping friend. Some
light and graceful hanging shelves, with golden edges and
crimson silk cords with gold tassels, sustain two or three
hundred magnificently bound books. Beyond these things,
there is no furniture, if we except an Argand lamp, with a

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

275

plain crimson-tinted ground-glass shade, which depends from
the lofty vaulted ceiling by a single slender gold chain, and
throws a tranquil but magical radiance over all.

TWENTIETH ANNUAL EXHIBITION OF THE ACADEMY
OF NATIONAL DESIGN.

LANDSCAPES.

No. 5. View of the Roman Forum.—Chev. Pacetti. A
little dingy canvass, with columns and arches, and other ar-
chitectural shapes, feebly represented on its surface. On
turning to the list of exhibitors, we learn that the Chev. Pa-
cetti resides in Rome, which is all the information that we
have been able to glean in respect to either the Chev. or his
soiled canvass : but we have a great curiosity to learn three
things: first, why the Chev. Pacetti’s Roman Forum was
brought away from Rome; second, why the same was hung
up in the exhibition of the National Academy, and third,
what the meaning of Chev. is as applied to a spoiler of can-
vass on a small scale. If any thing can cure our artists of
their absurd practice of making pilgrimages to Rome, it must
be the contemplation of such things as this of the Chev. Pa-
cetti’s, and the filthy daub by Rossiter that hangs near it,
which were both painted in the atmosphere of the eternal
city. Or if these things should not thoroughly wean an honest
mind from all yearnings after Italy, surely the comparison
of the works produced by the young artists who have never
left their native soil, with those by Huntington and Free-
man in the present exhibition which have been sent home
from Rome, must have the effect to do so. We do not find
the name of the Chev. Pacetti among the honorary members
of the Academy, but it will of course be put there before
long.

No 16. Landscape—by J. F. Cropsey, A. Here is a very
genuine American picture, pervaded wtth great purity of
feeling and technical knowledge. The artist has been tied
down to the exact features of a particular scene, which he
has transferred to his canvass very successfully. The scene
is a view of the Saugerties White Lead Works on Esopus
Creek in this State. The time is early spring, when the ten-
der foliage of the trees gives to nature her sweetest aspect.
But it is also the most difficult aspect for the painter to re-
present, for every thiDg is tremulous with new life, and the
earth is covered with smiles like the face of an infant.
There are in this picture all the elements of a grand land-
scape, ledges of rocks, a fall of water, beautiful trees, and a
clear sky ; but yet a grand landscape has not been formed
by their combination, mainly because the artist has aimed to
give all the details of a particular locality rather than a
point of interest, imbued with a touch of truth and feeling.
The rocks are painted with sufficient knowledge for a geolo-
gist to give them a name, and the trees have a character of
their own in form and color, but their beauty is spoiled by
too much distinctness in the foliage. The shadows are clear
and cool, and the sky is of a quality that we can look into
rather than upon; but the water resembles some substance
that we have never seen—liquified sandstone, or something
like it. The foam upon it is whiling, not the graceful sub-
stance out of which the goddess of love and beauty bounded
into life and action. Of all natural things which the artist
strives to pul upon his canvass, water is the most perplexing
and intractable; it rarely finds its level in the imagination of
the painter, but seems to run from him, and he is generally
too indolent to run alter it. There is water enough in the
present exhibition, if it possessed the quality of a liquid, to
drown the world, yet Sisyphus might walk through the rooms
of the Academy without being reminded of his thirst, unless 

he caught sight of the water-bucket and tin cup in Mr. Ed-
monds’ picture of the Truant School Boy. These are sug-
gestive of water, but the sea scene by Mr. Cole, the rivers of
Mr. Durand, the lake by Mr. Inman, and the Niagara Falls
by Mr. Havell, to leave the stagnant pool by Mr. Shegogue
out of the catalogue, do not, all combined, contain as much
moisture as Dives prayed for—one drop. Mr. Havell is ob-
trusively ambitious of painting water, for he has made an
attempt upon Niagara Falls and the North river, and yet he
 has not given evidence of ability to depict a drop of dew. Of
all other painters in the world a New-Yorker is the least
excusable for libelling water; with a noble river on each side
of the city, a bay of unsurpassed magnificence before him,
and fountains dashing their spray in his face as he walks
through the street, he must become acquainted with the
qualities and appearances of the liquid element. Yet, with
all these advantages, we see our artists continually painting
lakes of polished steel, and oceans of sheep’s wool. The
reason is that they paint pictures in confined rooms, and bor-
row their waves and water-falls from engravings. But unless
an artist is willing to look nature in the face, and strive ho-
nestly to copy her features, he has no right to make an at-
tempt at representing her, for he will be certain to caricature
her. If a young painter be ambitious of fame, and should
think to gain it by making pictures of water, let him, instead
of making a pilgrimage to Rome, take up his residence on
Staten Island, and cross the bay every day in the year, rain
or shine, calm or storm, hot or cold. Let him take his seat
upon the taffrail of the boat, and never think about a shelter
or an umbrella, or coughs or colds, or rheumatic pains, but
watch the ever-varying form and color of the water, until
his frame shall become invigorated with health, his nerves
braced by the pure air, and his soul thoroughly imbued and
saturated with living palpable ideas of the glorious beauty
of the sea: its motion, moisture, transparency, and ever
changing but ever beautiful forms. Let him each day note
down his thoughts, and if at the end of the year he can re-
present upon his canvass one wave with the light palpitating
through its translucent form, or flashing in its dancing spray,
he will have laid the corner stone of an immortality and a
life of honor. But even though he should not be able to do
this to the degree that will satisfy his own aspirations, he
will have spent a year of delight that will freshen his after-
life, and have gained an amount of knowledge, that will, at
least, impart to his productions a degree of grace and beauty
which, otherwise, they could never have possessed. The bay
of New York is the happiest spot in the whole world to form
a painter, because it has all the qualities that water can pos-
sess; it has the rapid current of a river, the breadth, depth,
and motion of the sea, and the placidity and quiet of a lake.

Its surface, too, is covered at all times, with all the different
forms of boats that float—the canal boats from the interior,
the pleasure yacht, the skiff, river craft, galliots, war vessels,
steamers and merchant ships. There is not another port in
the United States where the same variety of navigation may
be found. But beyond all these advantages for the painter
are the shores which bind this matchless bay ; the wooded
hills, the palisades, the low beach, the ledges of rocks, the
fairy islands, with their demon-like fortifications, the city
rising from the sea, the promontories, light-houses, castle-
crowned heights and rocky precipices. Yet our artists give
us none of these glories on their canvasses. Mr. Cole has
gone down to Frenchman's bay, four or five hundred miles
off towards the North Pole, and has come back and painted
a pea-green sea with ledges of red rocks; Huntington has
gone to Tuscany, and sent home a landscape with prismatic
hills and a rivulet of soap-suds; Inman went to Cumberland,

276

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

and sent here a back and purple and pea-green lake, with
hills and trees of the same complexion: but our magnificent
bay has not been able to furnish either of these New-Yorkers
an idea for his canvass. We would not have them paint dio-
ramic views of the bay as some painters attempt to do, and
so fail of doing any thing, but let them take one ray of light,
one wave, one hill, one cloud, one sun-set, one of our twi-
lights, one of our ships or sloops, or barges, or steamboats—
objects as full of poetry and romantic interest as any that can
be found in Venice or Naples, and transfer it to their canvass,
that there may be something on the walls of the Academy
to appeal to the understandings and touch the hearts of those
who crowd to look upon them. The great defect of every
one of our landscape painters is an ambition to do everything
upon one canvass. But in nature the eye will make for itself
a point of interest, for it can comprehend but one thing at a
time. Therefore the artist should never attempt to make
two pictures on one canvass, for the eye cannot accommo-
date itself to both, and in glancing from one to the other,
the interest of both will be destroyed. When we walk into
the fields, or climb a mountain, or go out to sea, the eye and
mind immediately seek out a particular object for contempla-
tion, and all except the object selected immediately becomes
a confused blank. If we look at a rock near by, we cannot
see the distant hills; if we look at a flower at our feet, we
cannot see the tree above our heads; if we gaze at the
purple hills in the distance, we lose the green ones near by.
A painter, therefore, should select his point of interest, and
invest it with all the life and truth that his powers will al-
low, and only try to avoid giving the same degree of finish to
any other part of his picture ; then the spectator will have a
key to his thoughts, and be spared the perplexity of trying to
discern what he desired to accomplish. The pictures by Cole
and Durand, in the present exhibition, contain within them-
selves dozens of other pictures, and the eye wanders from
object to object, from sight to shadow, from men here to cat-
tle yonder, seeking in vain after repose and a point to pause
and hold communion with the artist. The Landscape, 39,
by Durand, is wearying both to the eye and the mind, be-
cause you keep travelling over it for a place to rest upon and
begin to drink its beauty. Here is an old man sitting in the
cool shadow of the trees—you, are content to sit and rest
also, and as you look upon him, sympathise with his feel-
ings—but you cannot rest; a group of young men playing at
ball are twitching away your eyes and distracting your
thoughts; you pass to them, but beyond is a glimpse of
bewitching sun-shine stealing through the trees which you
must enjoy, and you leave the cricketers for the sun-shine,
and that for the people at the farm-house door, and them for
the man with the load of hay, and him for the clump of
chesnut trees, and them for the objects in the foreground. The
mind is wearied and dissatisfied ; the heart is not touched—
you feel pettish and—without knowing what to find fault
with, for the picture is really made up of most admirable
materials—condemn it in your heart while you pronounce it
with your tongue a magnificent work.

There is hardly a landscape in the rooms in which you
can discover with certainty the intent of the painter, beyond
the very obvious one of catching the eye of a gaping crowd.
There are a few which seem to have been painted with a
sentiment of Nature in the artist's mind, and these make the
most forcible appeal to the heart of the spectator. No. 37,
a study from Nature, by Cropsey, is a very truthful picture;
the rocks are the best of any in the exhibition; the shadows
are clear and distinct; the light pure and bright, and the lit-
tle bit of water is limpid and cool, although it is smooth as a
mirror. The picture does not stand out from the canvass, as
we hear amateurs absurdly say, sometimes, when they mis-
take the gross faults of a painting for its beauties, but it takes
you into the canvass as you stand and look at it, and if you
saw it by itself, would doubtless make you forget that you
were looking at a picture at all. The pictures in a promis-
cuous collection are seen lo very great disadvantage; the eye
and the mind are distracted by the varieties of style, of objects
and of color. Artists paint to attract admirers, and modest
nature is trampled upon like violets in a garden of sun-flow-
ers. No. 177, an October landscape, by J. R. Bleecker, is a
charming little bit of tender feeling ; an artist whose love of
the true and beautiful leads him to scorn the flaunting gew-
gaws by which vulgar minds seek to gain applause, and
contents himself to copy nature as he finds her, will run the
risk of being thrust into a bye-place as this little painting has

been. But he should work on and bide his time—his day
will dawn by-and-bye. There is a most charming little
painting by Mr. Casilear, in the rooms of the Art-Union in
Broadway, which should have been sent to the exhibition.
It is a perfectly painted oak tree, with a couple of horses
resting in its shadow ; it is very simple, very highly finished,
and full of genuine love of nature and high artistic expres-
sion. It is worth an acre of the stumps of trees, and maho-
gany looking rocks which occupy so large a part of the walls
of the National Academy.

113, 168, 236. Three Landscapes, by R. A. Powers—are
from the pencil of an artist of whom we have never heard
before; but we feel confident from the merit which each
contains, that we shall hear from him again to better advan-
tage.

153, 160, 306, by W. W, Wotherspoon—are the most pro-
mising pictures in the exhibition. They are very strongly
marked by a decided manner; but the artist was born a land-
scape painter, and his manner must be rather a choice than
a necessity. He must look a little closer into Nature, and
free himself of his present manner, before it becomes a de-
cided habit. The best part of his picture is the drawing;
the color is monotonous and untrue.

117. View on Long Island—J. H. Cafferty. A quiet, un-
obtrusive piece of nature. We have seen the tree before—
but we are never loth to meet such an acquaintance a second
time.

321, 324, Landscapes—by F. E. Church, of Catskill, a pu-
pil of Mr. Cole’s. These little pictures give evidence of ge-
nius in the painter. They are somewhat crude, but they
contain touching little effects, which many works of greater
pretensions lack. The red clouds in the sunset, 321, are
painted with beautiful effect.

30. Sunset—by C. P. Cranch. There are many good things
in this picture, and many weak parts. The sky is given with
good effect, and the shadows are cool and transparent; but
the picture is too large for the subject. Mr. Cranch has four
more landscapes in the exhibition, which all possess some
good touches, but he would do well to exhibit more sparsely
until he has had more practice and become more familiar
with nature.

88. View across Frenchman's Bay from Mount Desert
Island, after a squall—T. Cole. This is the only marine
picture that we have seen by Mr. Cole. The water is well
drawn, but not well colored, and the rocks are of a kind that
no geologist would find a name for; the whole coast of
Maine is lined with rocks nearly black in color, and tinged
with a greenish hue, as all marine rcoks are. These in Mr.
Coles’s picture are red. An artist should be something of a
geologist to paint rocky scenes correctly, as he should be a
botanist to paint flowers, and an anatomist to paint the hu-
man form. The picture is a good deal too large. So wide a
surface for so meagre a subject must be filled up chiefly with
common places ; a few inches of canvass will serve to convey
as vivid an idea of the sea, if properly covered, as a yard;
as much breadth of effect can be given in the palm of your
hand, as on a canvass twenty feet wide; why, then, should
artists waste their materials in painting enormous pictures,
whose sizes alone will prevent their being purchased. No.
97, by the same artist, is too large for any ordinary room,
and the sublime idea of the subject is lost in its expansion.
We have been told that this great picture was painted in
four days, which is time enough, but if it had been painted
within the space of four inches, it would have been infinitely
more impressive. 178—a sunset, is one of Mr. Cole's weak-
est pictures ; it is evidently a composition, and it appears to
worse advantage for being put in an oval frame. Mr. Cole
still reigns supreme in landscape, as we doubt not he will
long continue to do. But he does not always paint with the
same power. His two pictures in the rooms of the Art-Union
are much finer than either of those in the exhibition; they
are among the very best American landscapes ever painted.

No. 125, 133, 140, 226. Landscapes—by John F. Kencett,
now in England. These pictures of English scenery con-
tain much that is pleasing and true to nature. They are
evidently studies; but they are too highly elaborated. The
strange effect of light in No. 140, a view near Richmond,
appears like an attempt to imitate some of the startling ef-
fects of Turner. It may be true, but all truths are not pro-
per for circulation.

No. 71. Land Storm—T. Doughty, H. A most excellent
picture.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

277

MY VILLAGE HOME.

In dreams sweet thoughts of thee will come,

I see thee yet once more,

My own, my happy Village-Home,

As lovely as of yore.

I see the snow-white cottage stand
Amid its leafy bowers,

Surrounded by a fairy land,

A Paradise of flowers.

I see the shade the willow throws,

The stately poplar trees,

The woodbine and the blushing rose
Whose fragrance fills the breeze.

I wander by the river-side,

A young child free from care,

And mark the meadow spreading wide,

The cattle browsing there.

Beneath a gently-sloping hill
I see the streamlet steal,

Whose waters seek the village mill,

And turn its busy wheel.

Afar, my wandering eyes behold
The lowly house of prayer,

Where oft the faithful of the fold
In reverence meek repair.

And one spot dearer still than all
My heart can ne’er forget,

The forest-walk, the waterfall,

Where oft in youth I met

A fair young girl, whose lustrous eyes
No longer smile or weep, 

For in the church-yard lone she lies,

In deep and dreamless sleep.

There is no old familiar place
Beloved in boyish years,

That I cannot distinctly trace
Athwart my falling tears.

And even in my dream I grieve
That I could wish to roam,

And marvel I could ever leave
My happy Village Home.

Philadelphia, April 16.	MARY G. WELLS

LIVING ARTISTS OF EUROPE.

No. 2.

HORACE VERNET.

Three generations of the family of Vernet have rendered
the name famous in the annals of the French school. They
were originally from Avignon, in which city was born Jo-
seph Vernet, the grandfather of the subject of this notice, and
the first of the three celebrated men, each of whom, in his
time, has so identified himself with the progress of Art. The
father of Joseph Vernet was a landscape painter, by whom it
is said there exist in the department of Vaucluse creditable
examples of talent. Marine painting was the department of
Art in which Joseph Vernet excelled, and in this he surpass-
ed all the French artists of his time. His son, Carl Vernet,
acquired an extensive reputation from his historical pictures
and battle pieces; this last is the father of the yet more fa-
mous Vernet of our own epoch.

Jean Emile Horace Vernet was born in Paris on the 30th
of June, 1789, in the Louvre, in which palace both his fa-
ther and grandfather occupied apartments. Born at a period
when education was little cared for in France, he was aban-
doned almost entirely to the guidance of his own natural in-
tonations, which, in default of that kind of instruction,

adapted for children of his age, turned his undivided atten-
tion to Art. He exhibited, therefore, very early, a capacity
for drawing—crayons and pencils were his first toys, and his
practice with these he soon began to aid with a knowledge
of anatomy and perspective. His first instructions in draw-
ing he received from his father, and he afterwards worked
some time in the atelier of M. Vincent, a painter of some
celebrity under the Consulate.

The first money received by Horace Vernet, in the exer-
cise of his profession, was while he was yet in childhood :
in boyhood he was an independent member of the Art. At
the age of eleven years he made a drawing of a tulip for
Madame de Perigord, for which she paid him twenty-four
sous; and at the age of thirteen he had commissions inso-
much as to be in a condition to support himself. One of his
earliest efforts was the vignette which, according to the taste
of the times, headed the card of invitation to the imperial
hunting parties, which was of such merit that an engraver
of considerable reputation—Duplessis Bertaut—did not hesi-
tate to pronounce it worthy of his own burin.

Commissions began to flow in upon the young Vernet—
drawings at six francs, and pictures at twenty. He worked
principally for the Journal des Modes, for which he became
the acknowledged draughtsman ; and it was, perhaps, from
his experience in this department of Art, that he acquired
that power in caricature with which he even now amuses
his intimate friends ; and often at their own cost.

Carle Vernet, who had gained the travelling pension,
wished his son should win the same distinction ; but Horace
failed in competition for this honor, as he had already done
upon every occasion hitherto of his disputing the academic
palm. The taste for classic history and mythology prevailed
at this time in its full force in France, and Horace Vernet
was among the first of the French artists who saw that the
Greeks and Romans had already had their day, and to un-
derstand that he was one of those who were assisting at a
grand crisis in Art, in conjunction with a grand crisis in his-
tory, and that the particular period would claim for itself
those great men who should signalize themselves amid the
turmoil of their times. Moved by a natural inclination for a
military life, and having served some time in the ranks of
the French army, he was an enthusiastic admirer of Napole-
on ; it is not, therefore, surprising that he should have early
devoted himself to the celebration of the achievements of the
French armies and their adored chief; and, although his
power is universal, it is yet in this kind of composition in
which we find it most emphatically pronounced.

In order to check a strong inclination for a military career,
he was induced by his father to marry at an early age; thus
at twenty he took upon himself the cares of a household, for
which, as his family was rich only in reputation, his exer-
tions were now taxed to provide; hence, to those habits of
industry, seconded by his marvellous facility of execution, he
is indebted for the reputation of being the most prolific artist
that ever existed, having, up to the present time, made more
than 1200 drawings, nearly 1000 portraits, all of important
persons, and at least 300 pictures, many of which are large
and complex compositions.

In 1814 he was enrolled in the Legion of Honor for the
active part which he had taken in the defence of Paris; and
in 1925 he was promoted to the grade of officer by Charles
X.; and in 1842 he was appointed commander of the order,
by the present king of the French, a distinction at which he,
of all the French School of Art, has alone arrived. In 1826
he was elected a member of the Institute, where, in the
class of Fine Arts, he took his place by the side of his father,
who long before him had been similarly placed in the old
Academy of Painting.

In August, 1828, Horace Vernet was appointed Director
of the French Academy at Rome, an office which he filled
until the first of January, 1839. During his residence at
Rome M. Vernet sent as a present to Charles X. an admira-
ble portrait of Pope Pius VIII., which is ranked among the
best productions of its author, and now occupies a place in
the Museum at Versailles. The king, being charmed with
this act of graceful homage, caused the secretary of the em-
bassy to Rome to be charged to ascertain what return on the
part of the king would be most grateful and flattering to the
artist; and to learn particularly whether the title of baron
would be agreeable to him. The office of discovering his
feelings in this latter respect fell to the lot of one of his par-
ticular friends, to whom he replied—“The name of Vernet

278

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

for a painter seems to me sufficiently good without any ho-
norary title ; the name has shot forth from the crowd, and,
in my opinion, the title of baron would again obscure it; but
if his Majesty (as you assure me he is) be disposed to accord
me that which would afford me the greatest pleasure, say
that I pray his Majesty to grant the distinction of the Legion
of Honour to M. Dumont, a sculptor, and one of our pension-
naires, who has just executed a group of the highest merit.”

Vernet was not made a baron, nor did Dumont upon that
occasion receive the cross, although he has since acquired
that honor, and even been also enrolled a member of the In-
stitute.

When the revolution of 1830 broke out, the whole of the
French legation at Rome retired to Naples, where the am-
bassador had already been for some time, and thus the Di-
rector of the Academy was left at Rome alone, the only
French functionary that remained there, in which position of
affairs M. Veruet was nominated the diplomatic representa-
tive of France at the Holy See—a signal distinction for an
artist—with full powers to treat directly with the Papal Go-
vernment, and amid circumstances of great difficulty. He
acquitted himself, however, with such firmness and judg-
ment as to gain the entire and unqualified approbation of the
French government; the expression of which was conveyed
to him in a letter written by M. Guizot, then Minister of the
Interior.

The manner in which this great artist relaxes from his
professional labors is by travel ; and during these periods of
diversion he has visited many distant countries, as Egypt,
Syria, and Algeria, as well as having travelled through all
the European states, and having been presented to almost all
the sovereigns who have lived in his time. He possesses an
assemblage of endowments with which few men have been
gifted, or at least, being so, have turned to such account.
His conversation is light, most agreeable, and full of anec-
dote, and, under apparent inattention, be conceals a deep and
penetrating observation. His memory is singularly reten-
tive of facts, forms, and localities, insomuch that he can de-
scribe with exactitude, and after a lapse of years, a place
which he may have seen but once ; and so entirely has he
reduced this wonderful force of memory to professional pur-
poses, that he can paint the portrait of a person with whom
he may have passed an hour in conversation. His reading is
confined almost to the Bible; it was the Scriptures that first
inspired him with the desire of visiting the East; and with
respect to his travels in the Holy Land, after close and elabo-
rate research, and observation, he declares his conviction,
that the habits and costumes of the Arabs of the present day,
are, with little change, the same as they were in the days
of the patriarchs. As regards the long catalogue of his
works, this is to be explained by reference to his teeming
imagination and happy adaptation of subject-matter, rapidity
of execution, earnestness of purpose, and uninterrupted good
health. Albeit his works are so numerous, and of charac-
ter so diverse, he cannot anywhere be charged with imi-
tation—it is sufficiently evident in all that the inspira-
tion is from actual nature, or has its source in his own
vivid imagery—and this is the more apparent that in his
works there is no self-repetition. Observation and study
of nature are considered by him two grand principles of ex-
cellence. As Professor of the School of Fine Arts, his in-
structions are considered by the students more serviceable
than those of any of the other eleven professors. It is not
the classes alone of this admirable institution that profit by
the instructions of M. Vernet; nor is it merely to his own
countrymen that they are confined ; for he receives in his own
atelier, with the utmost kindness and amenity, students of
all nations, to whom he offers freely his valuable counsel
and best advice. With respect to the measure and the re-
ward of his labors, of these he never thinks in comparison ;
for the picture which he intends as a work of love, or a sim-
ple gift, he elaborates as highly as that for which he receives
a princely reward.

Like all men of superior genius, M. Vernet has his ardent
admirers and determined detractors; but the test of time and
the public voice are of infinitely more weight than such a
complexity of praise and censure. Thirty years of success,
and an ever-increasing popularity, have placed Horace Ver-
net in the highest rank of the profession of Art—a position
awarded to him first by the mass of his countrymen, and
acknowledged by the rest of Europe.

The works of no artist are more extensively known, or

more eminently popular than those of M. Vernet, because
in the commonest human incidents he sees pictures: and
gives, accordingly, a version of them which comes at once
home to the heart. Horace Vernet has been the first to break
decidedly away from the dull classic formality of the French
School, and to exhibit to its members the real fingering of
the chords of the social affections.

THE SLEEPER.

At midnight, in the month of June,

I stand beneath the mystic moon.

An opiate vapor, dewy, dim,

Exhales from out her golden rim,

And, softly dripping, drop by drop,

Upon the quiet mountain top,

Steals drowsily and musically
Into the universal valley.

The rosemary nods upon the grave ;

The lily lolls upon the wave;

Wrapping the fog about its breast,

The ruin moulders into rest;

Looking like Lethe, see ! the lake
A conscious slumber seems to take,

And would not, for the world, awake.

All Beauty sleeps !—and lo ! where lies
(Her casement open to the skies)

Irene, with her Destinies !

Oh, lady bright ! can it be right—

This window open to the night ?

The wanton airs, from the tree-top,

Laughingly through the lattice drop—

The bodiless airs, a wizard rout,

Flit through thy chamber in and out,

And wave the curtain canopy
So fitfully—so fearfully—

Above the closed and fringed lid
’Neath which thy slumb’ring soul lies hid,

That, o’er the floor and down the wall,

Like ghosts the shadows rise and fall!

Oh, lady dear, hast thou no fear ?

Why and what art thou dreaming here ?

Sure thou art come o’er far-off seas,

A wonder to these garden trees !

Strange is thy pallor ! strange thy dress !

Strange, above all, thy length of tress,

And this all solemn silentness!

The lady sleeps ! Oh, may her sleep,

Which is enduring, so be deep
Heaven have her in its sacred keep !

This chamber changed for one more holy,

This bed for one more melancholy,

I pray to God that she may lie
Forever with unopen’d eye,

While the dim sheeted ghosts go by !

My love, she sleeps ! Oh, may her sleep,

As it is lasting, so be deep !

Soft may the worms about her creep !

Far in the forest, dim and old,

For her may some toll vault unfold—

Some vault that oft hath flung its black
And winged pannels fluttering back,

Triumphant, o’er the crested palls
Of her grand family funerals—

Some sepulchre, remote, alone,

Against whose portal she hath thrown,

In childhood, many an idle stone—

Some tomb from out whose sounding door
She ne’er shall force an echo more,

Thrilling to think, poor child of sin !

It was the dead who groaned within.

EDGAR A. POE.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

279

THE GRATEFUL CLERK,

A T.ALE  FOUNDED ON FACTS.

Mr. Hubs was head salesman in the wholesale jobbing
store of Hinks and Whipple; he was looked upon as one of
the best judges of satinets in Cedar street, as he well might
be, for he was a judge of nothing else. He knew nothing of
men, manners, metaphysics, or muslins: nothing of politics,
pictures, poetry, or poplins; of sects, sciences, or satins. He
knew nothing of literature, linens, or love. No, he knew
nothing about love, although he thought that he did, for a
young lady in Division street, whose mother kept a fancy
store, by some witchery induced Mr. Hubs to offer himself;
he did so because he thought that he was in love: but any-
body who had ever been in that condition, could tell at a
glance that John Hubs was a stranger to the passion. His
forehead was too narrow, and the back part of his head was
all shrunk away, or rather it had never been filled out.
There was no more love in him than in a winter squash.
It was his misfortune that he could not love. Poor Hubs!
I could sooner spare a tear for such a fellow-being, than for
the loss of an estate like Astor’s. To live in a world which
has nothing in it but love worth living for, and to be denied
that!

Notwithstanding that Hubs had a faint impression that he
was in love, it is by no means certain that he would have
married for that reason alone. His employers had made an
addition of two hundred dollars per annum to his salary, and
he thought that a wife would be very convenient tohelp him
spend it. He could not spend his salary before it was rais-
ed, how then could he do so with so great an addition to it?

By some accident his employers heard that their salesman
was going to get married on a certain day, for Hubs could
not brace up his nerves to announce the fact himself. He
was fearful that they might not approve of so rash an under-
taking, and he had not the courage to act contrary to their
wishes. The night before the great day that was to see
Hubs a married man, he called Mr. Hinks, the senior part-
ner, aside, with the intention of asking leave of absence for a
week ; for the lady’s friends had planned out a wedding
tour to the Springs, for Hubs and his bride. But Mr. Hinks,
being fond of a joke when it was not played off at his own
expense, and suspecting the nature of his salesman’s commu-
nication, did not give him time to open his mouth, but in-
formed him that he must go into New Jersey the next morn-
ing by daybreak, to look after a delinquent customer. The
terrified client looked as horror-struck at this announcement
as he well could, and before he could gather together his as-
tonished senses, stammered out that he could not go.

“ Can’t go, sir!” exclaimed Mr. Hinks in a voice that was
widely at variance with the expression of his face, as Hubs
might have seen if he had looked at him. “But you must
go, Mr. Hubs. Can’t go ! Bless my buttons, Mr. Hubs, I
never heard such an expression before."

“ I’m engaged to —to —" stammered Hubs.

“ Engaged to what, sir ?” said Mr. Hinks fiercely, “ engag-
ed to what, sir? I had an idea that you were engaged to
the firm of Hinks and Whipple, sir. Have we not raised

your salary two hundred dollars, Mr. Hubs?”

“ You have," replied Hubs, “ I have not forgotten it, and
I never can; but I have got a little engagement on my hands
which I cannot well put off, and I should be glad to have a

Week’s liberty, if it be possible.”

“ It is impossible, quite impossible,” replied the inveterate

jobber, with great seriousness, "times are hard and business

must not be neglected."

Hubs was beginning to look most uncomfortably pale, and
Mr. Hinks was afraid to carry ibe joke further.

“ Well, Mr. Hubs, since you must go,” said his employer,
“I will despatch Mr. Putty, the book-keeper, into New Jersey,
and here is a trifle to pay for your wedding suit.” Where-
upon he handed Hubs a check for a hundred dollars and then
broke loose into a most unjobber-like explosion of mirth, in
which he was joined by Mr. Whipple and all the junior
clerks who had been watching all the proceedings and dying
for their employer to give them the cue, that they might
laugh at poor Hubs, who was so overcome that he was forc-
ed to walk off to some dark nook where he could give utter-
ance to a heart full of feelings, which had been gathering

like water in a mill-dam after a sudden thaw.

It would have been a difficult matter to decide whether

Hubs or his employer went home with the lighter heart that
night. There can be no doubt that, generally speaking, the
giver of a gift is a happier person than the receiver ; and if
men would but bear this fact in mind there can be as little
doubt, that gifts would become more common than they are.

Hubs made his appearance the next morning in Division
street, in a white satin stock and a Marseilles vest: the mar-
riage passed off without an accident, the tour was accom-
plished, and time’s wheels rolled round as smoothly and as
swiftly as though nothing remarkable had happened. In the
first wild tumult of his feelings, Hubs made a silent vow
that his first-born should be called, in honor of his employer,
Hinks. But, two years had already flown by and he had
not, for a very sufficient reason, performed his vow. His
grateful feelings, however, had not diminished in the slight-
est degree, and he wished for nothing so ardently as for an
opportunity to manifest them. It is true that Hubs had at
times wished that his employer had been in earnest about
sending him into New Jersey to look after a delinquent cus-
tomer, or that something else had happened to prevent his
marriage. Not that the matrimonial state was not all that
he anticipated, but it proved to be a vast deal more ; but
that was no fault of his employers.

Hubs occupied a little frame house in the outskirts of the
city, with a little dusty garden attached to it, containing a
woful looking lilac bush and two very dirty poplars. He
had selected this spot because he was growing dyspeptic
and his physician had recommended a country residence;
and had it not been for a tannery and glue factory in his im-
mediate neighborhood it would have been quite delightful.

Mr. Hinks had a remarkable excrescence on his right cheek,
generally of an ashy color, but every autumn it assumed a
very peculiar yellowish hue. People said that he was
marked with a cantelupe. However that may be, it is cer-
tain that he was extravagantly fond of that kind of fruit, and
while they lasted he hardly ate of anything but muskmelons.

Hubs was well acquainted with his employer’s appetite,
and he determined to raise some of the finest cantelupes in
his little garden that the world had ever seen, and present
them to him. It was a happy thought, and so completely
took possession of his brain that he could think of nothing else.
Even satinets became a weariness to him, It was before
the frost was out of the ground that the idea occurred to him,
and he could hardly wait for the sun to soften the soil so that
he could begin to plant. But while he was waiting for the
season to roll round, he read through half a dozen num-
bers of the Farmer’s Almanac in search of agricultural
knowledge. It had never occurred to him before that cante-
lupes required any particular mode of culture. He thought,
if he ever thought on the subject at all, that they grew
spontaneously. He knew that they were always to be found
in the market at a certain season of the year, but how they
got there was a matter entirely beyond the circle of his
thoughts. It was a thing of course, and that was all he
knew about it. But his new course of study opened to him
a world of pleasures. Every fact that he found out proved
a new delight. Once he looked upon an acquaintance with
the different qualities of satinets as the highest kind of know-
ledge but he now found turnips and cauliflowers a source
of amusement and profit. The whole vegetable world was
suddenly invested with most marvellous properties that excit-
ed the utmost astonishment in his mind. He looked upon a
potato with feelings bordering on veneration when he learn-
ed that that humble vegetable was compounded of starch,
water, albumen, sugar, poison fatty matter, parenchyma,
malic acid and salts; and the knowledge that a simple little
green weed, as soon as it thrusts its innocent head above the

earth begins to imbibe carbonic acid and oxide of ammonia

from the surrounding atmosphere, and that it produces hydro-

gen, fixes azote and abstracts electricity, made him regard
the grass beneath his feet with affection. He had no idea
that there was such instinct in plants. The trees in the Park,
the flowers in street windows, the vegetables in the market,
and the fruits on street stalls, all attracted his attention, not
as things of traffic or of nourishment, but as organized exis-
tences obeying the laws of their own being, and showing
forth the glory and goodness of their Maker as plainly, and
as abundantly as his own species. He wondered at his for-
mer darkness, and he began to perceive what an abundance

of lovable things there are in the world.

     O what a blessing is knowledge! thought Mr. Hubs.

How it enhances our delights, lessens our griefs, gives a rel-

280

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ish to labor, makes even poverty cheerful, and takes from
death itself more than half its terrors.

His acquisitions of knowledge were very small indeed, and
confined entirely to the manufacture of satinets and the cul-
ture of cantelupes, and yet such was the liberal effect of sci-
ence on his mind that he could have clasped the whole world
to his heart if his wife had been out of it. His little insight
into the mysteries of vegetable germination had given him
a vague feeling of awe for his mother earth, although it was
mainly as the great parent of cantelupes that he reverenced
her, and he looked with growing impatience for the time to
arrive when he should be permitted to scratch her back with
his iron rake, and root up the weeds from her face as a pi-
ous child would pull the intrusive hairs from the chin of his
grandmother.

He had exhausted his almanacs, hut his thirst for know-
ledge had increased in proportion to his acquisitions, as a
miser grows covetous as he grows rich, and he now supplied
himself with a paper of seeds and Bridgman’s darling little
Gardener’s Assistant at the same time, and took them home
with the feelings of a philosopher. His wife scolded him
smartly for his extravagance, but he bore all her womanly
reproaches with the equanimity of a Socrates, and only re-
plied to her long lecture, “wait and see.’’ That the reader
may know to what extent Hubs carried his philosophy, we
will give a short extract from one of his help-mate's exerci-
 tations.

“ Goodness me ? What is that, a book ? A nasty book !
Well, now we shall starve! Mother always said so. I
never new a man worth anything who was always lazying
away his time over books. Well, I see what my fate will
be. I shall have to go home to my mother’s. I won’t work
to support a loafer, not I. You had better have given me
that money to buy a breast pin. I told you yesterday I
wanted a brooch to put my brother’s hair in. You silly
thing, what good will a book do you ? O, yes, I seem to see
you.	Aint you going to set up for a literary character. O

my!	I should n’t wonder. You told me yesterday you

could’nt afford to go to the theatre, and there you have went
and thrown away your money for a good-for-nothing book.
But I’ll go to the theatre if I live, and to the museum too, and
I’ll treat myself and my sister to ice creams and soda water
at Thompson’s. See if I don’t. I never done such an ex-
travagant thing as to buy a book, nor my mother before me.
I have got that to be thankful for. Goodness me, no! I
come from good respectable folks, who knew no more about
books than the pope of Rome. But don’t leave your book in
my reach, mister ; if you do, into the fire it goes, I can prom-
ise you.”

Mr. Hubs’s two years of matrimonial trials had given him
somewhat of an insight into the peculiarities of the female
character, and he well knew the consequences of attempting
to convince his wife that she had taken hold of the wrong
of the question ; so he merely answered, “ wait and see,”
and resolved to profit by her caution, and keep his precious
little treatise under lock and key.

His grounds only measured twenty five feet by forty, and
as one portion of them was used as a grass plat for bleaching
clothes, and a large slice was taken up by a gravel walk, it
will readily be perceived that his garden could not be very
extensive. But it was large enough for his desires, and he
looked upon his little enclosure with the feelings of a land-
holder. It is doubtful whether the rich Mr. Wadsworth,
who owns half the Genessee flats, ever felt as grand as Mr.
Hubs did when he first stuck his shovel into the ground to
commence the cultivation of cantelupes.

Ambition always will overleap its mark. Hubs planted
his cantelupe seed at least a fortnight too soon, and they all 
rotted in the ground. After waiting an unreasonable time
to see the young vines show their little heads above ground
he was obliged to rake open the hills and plant afresh. Ev-
ery morning he got up with the sun, and sometimes before,
to watch his seeds, and see if they had burst from their dark
hiding places ; and as the dews were copious and the sun
warm, he soon had the delight of seeing their delicate leaves,
like outspread hands, throw aside the earthy particles which
covered them, and salute the uprising sun with a grateful
smile, like a new born infant gazing into the face of its pa-
rent. Surely never before did a tiller of the soil experience
such delightful sensations as those which agitated the breast
of Mr. Hubs on this occasion. He could not help running back
to the bedside of his sleeping wife to beg that she would

come down and look at his cantelupes. But his “ last best
gift” did not relish his intrusion at such an unseasonable
hour, and she turned upon him with a How of expressions
that our respect for her sex will not permit us to repeat. He
left her to sleep on, and when he took his seat in the omni-
bus to go to his daily occupation of selling satinets, he felt
like a new man. He tried to appear as humble as he could,
but he experienced an uncomfortable feeling of superiority
in spite of himself, which he had never felt before. All day
his thoughts were wandering away to his cantelupes. He
was impatient to get back to them. A long-winded custo-
mer front Vermont detained him forever, as it appeared to
him, just as he was about to leave the store, and it was al-
most dark when he reached home. Before he would sit
down to his supper, he rushed out to look at his young troop
of vegetable earlings. But, alas! for human anticipations !
The cantelupes had disappeared; vanished from mortal sight
as though they had never been. The had been cruelly, bar-
barously cut off in the morning of their existence. He could
have wept over their loss, bnt tears would avail them noth-
ing. Their fate was shrouded in deep mystery. Nobody
knew how it was done. Mrs. Hubs was profoundly ignorant
of the matter, and Bridget was willing to take her Bible oath
that she knew no more about the “ young millions” than the
child unborn. Mr. Hubs, of course, could not compel peo-
ple to confess what they did not know, and he went to his bed
in a state of miserable ignorance about the premature disap-
pearance of his darling vegetables. But he had a horrible
suspicion, which kept him awake half the night, that he was
the victim of a wicked conspiracy between the wife of his bo-
som and her servant-maid.

He was not to be daunted, however, for he had been edu-
cated in a school which knows no such word as despair.
By dawn the next morning he was planting fresh seeds, hav-
ing put them to soak in warm lye over night. But Hubs
was doomed once more to disappointment; he had not been
seated five minutes in the omnibus when a scoundrel cock,
belonging to a sporting neighbor, walked deliberately into
the hall door, which had been left open by Bridget, and
strutted pompously into the garden, where, without the
slightest hesitation, he scratched up every individual seed,
and when he had stowed them away in his remorseless maw
gave three loud exulting “cock-a-doodle-doos,” and flew
over the fence into his master’s premises. It was the cool-
est performance that was ever seen, and when the unhappy
clerk was told of it, his wrath was too big for words. He
doubled his fists, stamped his feet, aud looked about him for
some object upon which to wreak his vengeance ; but there
was nothing appropriate at hand, so after a moment’s reflec-
tion he put more seeds in soak, and when he had eaten his
supper retired to bed, that he might rise with the dawn.

In due time, and it was a very short time too, for the sun
was unseasonably hot, he had the happiness to see the little
leaves once more popping up bright and joyous from the
earth. He had watched them, and watered them an entire
week, sprinkling snuff upon them to kill the bugs, and nip-
ping off the first indications of a runner bud, to strengthen the
vines and give richness to the fruit, when his wife’s brother
returned from a long voyage to the Pacific. He was one of
the best-natured and most restless creatures in the world ;
like the sea, he would not be quiet a moment, and after he
had kissed his sister and joked her about her husband, he
rolled out into the garden and, to make himself useful, took
up Hubs’s hoe and began, to use his own phrase, “to work
a traverse among the weeds.”

“ Goodness me!” exclaimed his sister, “ what have you
done! You have went and hoed up all of Mr. Hubs’s cante-
lupes. My, what will he say when he comes home !”

When Hubs did come home he was soon informed of the
full extent of his misfortune, but he could not open his
mouth. It was his wife’s brother who had done the deed,
and wives’ brothers are always privileged characters. He
knew moreover, that there was no malice in the act. He
had the stomach to do anything that was monstrous, if it
would bring back his vines, but as no desperate deed could
restore them he had the prudence to eat his supper in a qui-
et manner, although his mind was in a most unquiet state.
The young sailor expressed a world of regret for the mis-
chief he had done, and to console his brother-in-law, told
him that he had got some first rate melon seeds in the till of
his chest, which he had brought from round Cape Horn; and
the next morning bright and early, he brought them up to

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

281

Hubs, who was greatly astonished at the sight of them.
They were as big as a dozen of those that he planted before.
The young sailor took a fresh quid of tobacco, and told him
that he would be more astonished at the fruit. Then they
both went to work and made fresh hills, and felt once more
happy at the prospect of beiag able to present his employer
with some of his favorite fruit. In a week the new seeds
showed themselves. Never before were such promising
vines seen. They were so stout, and they grew so rapidly
that Hubs was in a continual ecstasy of wonder ; but when
he looked out of his chamber window one morning and saw
a large yellow blossom on one of the vines his admiration
was boundless. He ran down to examine it, and was half
disposed to be angry when he found that it was nothing but
a male blossom. The vine which bore it grew very rapidly
in the direction of the garden fence, and Hubs watched it
with great anxiety to see whether it would run its head
against the obstruction like a foolish blind creature; and his
delight was immense when he perceived that it only ap-
proached within a safe distance, and then turned off to the
right without rubbing a leaf against the palings. “ You are
a fine fellow,” said Hubs, speaking to the vine, as though it
had been furnished with a pair of ears like his own, “ You
are a fine fellow; yes you are, and I will demolish that ras-
cal of a caterpillar that is eating one of your big leaves. The
villain."

The rains fell, the sun shone bright and warm upon it;
the gentle summer winds rustled among its great summer
blossoms and fan like leaves; the dews pearled it in the
morning and the bees hovered about it all the day long, and
still the vine grew, trailing its long rope-like body all over
the garden, to the infinite wonder of all who looked upon it.
At last a little knob of pale green showed itself in the ex-
treme end of the vine, and gave promise of fruit. It was
bailed with rapture by Mr. Hubs, and even his wife conde-
scended to cast a favorable eye upon it, out of regard to her
brother, as she said, but in reality because she was fond of
melons herself, and because she had secretly resolved to in-
vite all Division street to partake of it as soon as it should
be ripe.

Hubs was constantly in a high fever through fear that
somebody would tread upon the vine, and he cautioned Brid-
get, on pain of instant dismissal, to be cautious how she
planted her big feet near it. The young melon promised to
be a monster, it grew in the space of three days to the size
of an apple dumpling, and Hubs put some dry leaves under
it to keep it from decaying; although a slate would have
been better, as he might have found out by reading Bosc.
But his researches had not yet extended so far. Neither had
he stumbled upon Jolyclerc or Linnæus. More was the pity,
as the reader will discover.

Hubs regarded the promising appearance of his cantelupe
with some such feelings as a fond mother looks upon her
precocious child, and sees in its premature wisdom a sign of
premature decay. He dared not hope that so remarkable a
melon would be permitted to arrive at perfection. It was
too much to think of. And his forebodings were not with-
out cause, for the phenomenon had not been in existence a
fortnight when a hungry sow with a litter of pigs broke into
the enclosure and devoured the precocious vegetable before a

soul could come to its rescue.

As the readers of romantic histories are often called upon
to exercise their imaginations when the descriptive powers
of the author fail him, they are respectfully requested to do
so now, for no pen could begin to describe the anguish of
mind which Mr. Hubs experienced when he was made ac-
quainted with the disaster which had befallen him. He
knew of no suitable manner of manifesting his feelings on
the occasion ; it was a grief without a precedent; so he
strolled into his garden in a bitter frame of mind, and began
to kick pettishly at the vines and blossoms which now look-
ed hateful to him. Soon he kicked over one of the great
broad leaves, and underneath it he discovered another melon
larger and fairer than the one that was lost. He clapped
his hands with delight, and could hardly restrain himself
from falling on his knees and saluting the precious ob-
ject.

Every precaution was now taken to keep out hogs and
boys and every kind of vermin. The new melon was watch-
ed over with a degree of solicitude passing belief, and it grew
to a size far surpassing any melon that had been seen or
read of. Hubs knew that professor Alpin bad seen melons

in Egypt so large that three of them were a load for a camel
but they were water-melons, and this was a cantelupe.

Hubs watered the roots of the vine with weak pickle, af-
ter the Honfleur fashion, to give richness to the fruit; and he
covered the joints with earth in place of pinching off its run-
ner buds, to increase its size; for he had already learned
enough about culture to make him reject the theory of the
pinchers, and he argued (whether truly or not, we must leave
others to decide,) that any mutilation of a plant must of ne-
cessity injure its organization. Who would think of chop-
ping off his son’s legs, said Hubs, with the expectation of in-
creasing the length of his son’s arms thereby ?

By the end of September, the melon had increased to such
a size that Hubs could hardly lift it off the ground. It had
begun to assume a rich buff color, nearly as bright as a ripe
Havana orange, but it did not emit that rich delightful fra-
grance that ripe cantelupes usually do. But Hubs was fear-
ful that it would decay, or that some accident might befall
it if it were kept longer, and he determined to invite his em-
ployer to partake of it while he was sure of it. In truth, his
determination was fixed from certain movements on the part
of his wife having led him to believe that she meditated
treating her Division street friends to a taste of it.

A good opportunity having soon occurred, he asked Mr.
Hinks to do him the favor to go home with him and partake
of a remarkably fine cantelupe, which he had raised in his
own garden. The mark on Mr. Hinks’s cheek turned yellow
as Hubs spoke.

“By all means,” replied Mr. Hinks, “but is it really a fine
one, though, Hubs ?”

“ Very," replied Hubs, who did not care to let out the
whole truth, for he wished to enjoy his employer’s surprise.

“ Then I will go to-night,” said Mr. Hinks. “ But, have
you got no more than one, Hubs ? you know that I am a coon
at cantelupes.”

“ I know it, sir,” replied Hubs, “ but it is a caution. Big
enough to feed the corporation.”

“First rate, I dare say,” said Mr. Hinks, and he winked
his right eye knowingly, and smacked his lips, and the mark
on his cheek glowed with a bright yellowish tinge.

Hubs exulted inwardly, although he said nothing more in
praise of his melon; he was burning with impatience to see
the effect that the great reality would have upon his em-
ployer.

As soon as business hours were over they got into an om-
nibus, a very happy pair of individuals, and in proper time
were landed in front of Mr. Hubs’s residence. Hubs would
not allow Mr. Hinks to remain a moment in the house, but
hurried him out into the garden to show him the miraculous
cantelupe, lest he should doubt that it grew there.

“ There it is, sir,” exclaimed Hubs, pointing to the mon-
ster, “ isn’t it a whaler?”

“ Where ? where ?” said Mr. Hinks, gazing about.

“ Here, sir, here,” replied Hubs as he patted the huge veg-

etable.

"That!" ejaculated Mr. Hinks, with a very red face.

“ Just try and lift it, sir,” said Hubs, exultingly.

“ Hubs,” said Mr. Hinks seriously, while the mark on his
face changed from a yellowish hue to an ashy paleness,
"you impertinent rascal, are you making sport of me ?”
     Hubs was paralyzed at the manner of his employer, and

could not speak a word.

     "I'll have satisfaction for this, sir," said Mr. Hinks, grow-
ing more and more indignant. “You invite me to your
house to eat a Valparaiso pumpkin, do you, sir ?"

    “ A Valparaiso pumpkin, sir !” gasped the terrified Hubs,
and the truth at once flashed upon his mind. “ It was all
owing to my wife’s brother. O, dear ! and I shall have no
cantelupe after all!	

harry franco.



REVIEWS.

Alnwick Castle, with other Poems. By Fitz-Greene Halleck. New
York, Harper & Brothers. 1845.

The system of criticism which obtains among us, and which
tries the productions of one American mind by those of ano-
ther, instead of comparing them with some immutable stan-
dard, or with the best examples in the same kind with which
other countries have supplied us, has done great injury to the

282

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

cause of true Art in our Republic. It was our misfortune to
be in too great a hurry to have a literature of our own. We
had built up an army and navy: we must build up a litera-
ture. It was further unanimously resolved that we had a
national literature; and a score or two of terrified Tompkin-
ses, who might otherwise have remained life-long the con-
tented anchorites of the poet’s corner in a village newspaper,
were suddenly snatched up and set to bear the pitiless storm
of foreign fun and criticism on the bald lop of our American
Parnassus. Henceforth every new work was measured by
the Tompkins yardstick ; and the “precision and elegance,”
“ the refined dignity,” “ the exuberant humor” of Tompkins
became proverbial. Under these favorable circumstances,
the gentlemen thus ostracised from among their fellow citi-
zens for their country’s fame, plucked up courage, and by
dint of well-directed energy succeeded in founding what we
may call the Tompkins dynasty of American literature. A
court dress of a certain innocuous drab-color was established,
and any author who was detected without this Tompkins
uniform was forthwith arrested and thrown into a review, or
set in the pillory of the newspapers. The heresy of origina-
lity was everywhere industriously hunted out and crushed ;
and independence of judgment in criticism was declared to
be immoral, or, what was far worse, anti-Tompkinsian. If
man, woman, or child, was unwilling to receive the opinion
of a Tompkins, how great an insensibility did it display to
the numerous privileges we enjoy !

The truth is that we shall never have a literature until we
become thoroughly persuaded that we have not yet done all
that is needful to that end, and that it requires at least as
much previous study and preparation to criticise a work of
art as a steam engine. We must get over our cant of always
speaking of certain of our authors and artists as if they filled
up the majestic round of that circle which even Shakspeare
did not touch at all points. We must no longer endeavor to
measure anything really great by the rushlight criticism of
the Tompkinses, but must look on it in the broad frank sun-
shine of honest desire after Truth. We must get rid also of
this unhealthy hankering after a National Literature. The
best and most enduring literature is that which has no na-
tionality except of the heart,—that which is the same under
all languages and under all skies. A poet’s inspiration has
no more intimate connection with the country in which he
chances to be bom, than with the village or the garret in
which he may dwell. While yet a sojourner among our
mists and shadows, he is made citizen of a higher country,
whose language is an interpreter throughout the universe,
and which has no words mean enough to express our paltry
nationalities, nor indeed any thoughts but such as are primi-
tive and universal.

The office of poet, then, is the highest to which any man.
in these latter times, may aspire. The poet has taken the
place of the prophet, and, without laying any claim to imme-
diate inspiration, he yet, by force of seeing the heart of those
mysteries whose shell only is visible to others, instructs and
prophesies with an authority felt if not acknowledged. If
his words inculcate no truth directly, yet, by their innate
harmony with universal laws, and by the sweet domestic
privilege with which they enter the heart without knocking,
they clarify the conscience, and inspire us with an eagerness
after truth, as would a lender or majestic landscape in out-
ward nature. Let no man then take up the lyre hastily or
irreverently, still less let him make its chords answerable
for a gross and vulgar music.

In America we have been accustomed to confer the title
of poet as if it were of no more value or import than a trum-

pery “ Honorable” or “Excellency.” We have something
like a thousand individuals in the country to whom the critics
of the newspapers and magazines concede the name. But
there are half a dozen who form a kind of inner circle, who
already, though in the prime of life, enjoy all the advantages
of a posthumous fame, and whose portraits smile with an
embarrassed air opposite all the title-pages of selections from
American poets. It is to these that our critics periodically
challenge England to produce a parallel. It is these who are
led out and exhibited when the intelligent foreigner inquires
after our poets—honest, matter-of-fact-looking men, as the
poets of a business people ought to be.

Mr. Halleck has had the ill fortune to be one of these fron-
tispiecial exemplars. We call it ill fortune, for it is as un-
happy a thing for a man to receive more as to receive less
than his deserts. But in speaking of Mr. Halleck we shall
treat him as if he were a young author now for the first time
making his appearance before the world. What his reputa-
tion has been is nothing to us: what it ought to be is the on-
ly question. To have been always considered and treated as
one of Fame’s joint-heirs, and then to find that Fame has cut
one off with a shilling, is worse than to have known the truth
from the beginning.

If the volume before us, then, were the work of a young
author, (and we should remember that in this case the real
age of Mr. H. renders all faults less inexcusable,) is there
anything in it that would lead us to prophesy great things of
his future career? To this question we must frankly and
readily answer, no. There is none of that exuberance here,
that seeming waste of energy, which characterises the spring-
tide of a great poet’s heart, of whose innumerable blossoms
few will ever become anything more useful than an orna-
ment and token of immortal plenty. Here is none of that fe-
licitous sympathy of ear and eye which gives every word and
image and harmonic invention of his as good a right to be in
the world, as any blossom or bird or sigh of the wind can
have. Here is none of that fine reverence which overhangs
his heart like the broad free sky, now bare, simple, sustain-
ing, now sprinkled thick with starry hopes and aspirations,
and always the bestower of dignity, courage, and the calm
majesty of entire humbleness. Here is none of that enthusi-
asm for his art which makes success but an argument for
less self-glory, and which turns a whole unbelieving world’s
scorn into a stepping-stone to a higher peak of inspiration.

The world is indebted to the volume before us for no new
thought, for the opening of no new vista into the enchanted
forest of imagination, for no new combination of the won-
drous melody of words. There is none of that inspiration
here, none of that magnetic sympathy of genius which could
solve for the young poet the enigma of his soul, and waken
the slumbering energies of heart and brain and will, till the
grand images and harmonics of the master fade away, and
he beholds only the great void future like a silent organ
waiting but for the appointed touch to breathe divinest mu-
sic and ravish the reluctant world with love and pity. But
even in some of the yet coarser elements of a true poet, Mr.
Halleck is deficient. To the simpler and more vivacious
kinds of metre, which depend rather on a certain gross and
physical excitement of the musical sense, his ear is compe-
tent; but he seems to lack comprehension of these whose
meaning is more interior, and whose charm is due to remoter
and less tangible sympathies. What ingenuity, for example,
could make anything like rhythm of such incorrigible, cordu-
roy joltings as these:

“ Even of Campbell’s pen bath pictured: he.—

“ To be o’erpraised even by her worshipper—Poesy” ?

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

283

Love has been so reverenced by true poets, and woman so
worthily praised, that a poet’s treatment of either of these
hallowed subjects might almost be taken as a test of his pow-
er. Andromache and she

“ Whose face did launch a thousand ships”

give bloom and fragrance to the Iliad. Beatrice hangs like
a quiet star over the sulphureous pit of Dante’s Hell, glides
with a calming sereneness through his Purgatory, and is the
heavenliest part of his Paradise. How unequalled are Shaks-
peare’s pictures of women ! Playful, whimsical, coquettish,
sarcastic, yet never merely ornamental, and rounded off al-
ways with tender reverence and a pathos that gives them a
noble dignity. And who will ever forget (to name no others)
Wordsworth’s “ Phantom of Delight” and Coleridge’s “ Ge-
nevieve” ? Mr. Halleck, with all the experience of fifty years
in his head and heart, is content to put forth the following
verses as containing his theory of love, but at the same time,
to prevent any ill effect upon the mind of a susceptible pub-
lic, he neutralises his nonsense by an equal amount of in-
comprehensibility. In the first two stanzas the poet’s mind
takes a horticultural turn, and beholds love in the original
and novel shape of a tree :

“ When the tree of Love is budding first,

Ere yet its leaves are green,

Ere yet, by shower ami sunbeam nursed,

No infant life has been,

The wild bee’s slightest touch might wring
The buds from off the tree”—

Love, it will be seen, makes but an indifferent kind of tree
and puts forth buds of most singular, though convenient fra-
gility.

“ But when its open leaves have found
A home in the free air,

Pluck them—and there remains a wound
That ever rankles there.”

Where ? why?

“ The blight of hope and happiness
Is felt when fond ones part.

And the bitter tear that follows is
The life-blood of the heart.”

A statement with regard to arterial circulation that would
make Hervey open his eyes.—But “ the tree of Love” is cut
down in the next stanza to make a fire of.

“ When the flame of Love is kindled first,

’Tis the fire-fly’s light at even—

•	•	•	•

A breath can bid it bum no more.”

Flatly contradicted by the experience of every unbreeched
philosopher who has exercised his lungs in endeavoring to
blow a fire-fly into a flame. Mr. H. seems to think the suc-
cess of such an experiment possible.

“ But when that flame has blazed into
A being and a power,

And smiled in scorn upon the dew
That fell in its first warm hour.”

We were rather puzzled at first to think with what particu-
lar muscles a “ flame" would “ smile”, but we had neglected
to observe that it had “ blazed into a being.” Mr. Espy’s
theory of rain is hinted at in the third verse, we suppose, or
else what has the dew to do with it ? We should like also
to know which “hour” of a flame is not “ warm.” We must
not be surprised to find that a flame which has already been
a tree and has accomplished the difficult disdain of a “ smile
in scorn”, should become two things at once in the next
stanza.

“ ’Tis the flame that curls round the martyr’s head,”—

Our sympathies, then, for Latimer, and Huss, and the rest,
have been strangely misplaced.

“ Whose task is to destroy,

’Tis the lamps on the altars of the dead,

Whose light but darkens joy.”

The next stanza is wholly incomprehensible:

“ Then crush even in their hour of birth,

The infant buds of love,

And tread his glowing fire to earth,

’Ere ’tis dark in clouds above ;

Cherish no more a cypress tree
To shade thy future years,

Nor nurse a heart-flame that may be
Quenched only with thy tears.”

In the next line a girl’s Leghorn hat is said to be

.... Of the bright gold tint
The setting sunbeams give to Autumn clouds,

The riband that encircled it as blue
As spots of sky upon a moonless night
When stars are keeping revelry in heaven."

We shall expect to hear shortly of Jupiter being put into
some celestial watch-house, or Mars relating his “experi-
ence” in a Temperance meeting.

The same young woman’s waist, the poet tells us, might
be “spanned with your thumb and finger”, and

“ Her foot was loveliest of remembered things” !
.......................................

“ But ’twas that foot that broke the spell—alas !

Its stocking had a deep, deep tinge of blue—

I turned away in sadness and passed on.”

It is possible that Mr. Halleck may have the hardihood to
defend this on the ground of its being humorous. And we
suppose that the next poem is humorous also. If it be, we
are sincerely glad, for it is surely nothing else. We shall
not take the trouble to prove that humorous poetry, even
where the humor is genuine, is the lowest kind of poetry, if,
indeed, it can be rightly called so at all. In Mr. Halleck’s
verses the “ humor” comes in very incongruously, and gives
all our expectations a neck-breaking jolt.

There is a great deal of traditional morality and of entirely
false sentiment in Mr. H.’s verses. For example, “Aln-
wick Castle” he says

“ The Moslem tramples on the Greek,

And on the Cross and altar stone,

And Christendom looks tamely on,

• • • •

And not a sabre blow is given

For Greece and fame, for faith and heaven,

By Europe’s craven chivalry.”

When “faith and heaven” require to be defended by “sabre
blows” and bloodshed, they must have sadly degenerated
from what they were in Christ’s time.

In the same poem Mr. H. laments that the day of romance
has gone by, a statement which he sustains by telling us
that the Highlanders of Scotland wear pantaloons, and that

“ Lord Stafford mines for coal and salt,

The Duke of Norfolk deals in malt,

The Douglas in red herrings”—

four facts which all the shopkeepers in New York will con-
sider extremely ludicrous, as a matter of course, without
thinking for a moment that all these peers are much more
creditably employed than any of their ruffian ancestors ever
were. Moreover, there is more that is truly poetical in the
operations connected with mining, the raising of malt, and
the herring fishery, than in all the “ chivalry” that ever went
about breaking the heads of peaceable neighbours and the
hearts of their wives and children. The man who thinks
that the age of romance has gone by to-day, would have
thought the same in Spenser’s time. Poetry is as rife in the
world as ever, but the secret of it lies in the heart and eye
and ear of the poet, not in any combination of circumstances.

284

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

CRITICAL NOTICES.

The Prisoners of Perote ; containing a Journal kept by the Author, who was

captured by the Mexicans, at Mier, December 25, 1842, and released from

Perote May 16, 1844. By William Preston Snapp. New York: Burgess,

Stringer & Co.

This is a book at all points entertaining, and now and then imbued
with a vivid and terrible interest. We quote some instances of Mex-
ican vagrancy and audacity:—if these things were not known to be
fact, we should speak of them as capital romance :

"Among the numerous wretches who, as professional beggars,
swarm the streets of this city, or in the filthy guise of blackened lepe-
ros, haunt the pavé by day, and prowl for plunder at night, are out.
casts and cut-throats, whom previous convictions have deadened to
all sense of shame, and habitual vice and indolence trained to every
deed of violence. In the portals of the churches, beneath the walls
of the convents, in the markets, or their lairs in the suburbs, they
crouch to watch tor their unsuspecting prey, and wo to that unarmed
pedestrian, who, in reply to their Por el amor de Dios, reveals a purse
to tempt their ferocious cupidity.

“ Banded in fraternities, that reach from the pulque shops to the
palace, their organization has been known to reveal itself through ev-
ery grade of rank, from the roofless footpad to those nearest in author-
ity to the president. An instance of audacity is authentically related
to have occurred some years ago, which not unaptly illustrates the
lawless spirit of these plunderers. The mules of a conducta were
ranged in two tiles in the square of the Adouana (or custom-house),
and, surrounded by a strong squadron of cavalry, waited to be
loaded with the bags of specie, containing fifteen hundred dollars each,
and piled up in the square to be sent off. A large crowd was as usual
assembled to look on, when a gang of mounted thieves charged through
the streets leading to the square, and riding down idlers and troops,
seized each a bag of the treasure, and bore it off in triumph.

"The energy of the present government has done much to reduce
the frequency and insolence of these outrages about the capital, yet
they continue to prevail in all their won led atrocity elsewhere through
the republic. Not a league of their only national highway from the
city to Vera Cruz, but is the scene of some robbery within the year,
the public coach being repeatedly pillaged within hail of the cities
that lie on the route.

"The following notorious instance of a participation in these enor-
mities by persons of rank, is familiar to all persons of inquiry who
have recently been in Mexico.

“ The Swiss consul, (M. Mairet,) a merchant and man of fortune,
lived in the western suburbs of the city, and was suspected to have a
considerable sum of money about his house. His dwelling was more
than ordinarily secure, being built in the strongest manner, with grat-
ed windows, and several ferocious dogs were kept chained in the court
and on the terrace.

“ A man in the habit of a priest, accompanied by two others, appear-
ed at his gate one day, and announced to the servant, who answered
their summons, that they desired to purchase some merchandise of
the consul, in which he was known to deal. Upon being admitted,
two of them seized the servant, bound him to a pillar, and gagged
him, whilst the third relocked the gate. All three then passed into
the house, where they found Mairet alone, and after stabbing and
gashing him repeatedly, finally compelled him to disclose the place
where his treasure was secreted. This, to the amount of some
ten thousand dollars, with various articles of valuable plate, they
brought off; the consul only surviving his wounds long enough to re-
late the particulars of the affair, with such descriptions of the assas-
sins, as it was thought would lead to their apprehension. A noisy
search and pursuit was kept up by the police, until a miserable crea-
ture was arrested, tried, and garroted, upon the ground of some dec-
larations said to have fallen from him whilst grossly intoxicated. No
money or article of the plunder being found in his possession, nor
any corroborative circumstance accompanying his insane confession
the foreigners denounced the execution as a cowardly subterfuge of
the government to atone for its corruption and remissness by a double
murder.

“Some lime elapsed, when two daring robberies were again perpe-
trated in rapid succession upon wealthy monasteries of the city.
These were entered and pillaged of more than thirty thousand dollars,
and the church being roused and combined in the pursuit with the civ-
il authorities, finally traced them home to the door of Colonel Janes,
an officer of standing, and acting aid-de-camp of Santa Anna. This
worthy colonel, having access to the passport office, was more than
suspected of having planned several previous robberies of the public
coach, availing himself of the information thus acquired to direct his
accomplices where the booty was such as to indemnify an attack.

"The trial of himself and his associates for the pillage of the mon-
nasteries lasted nearly three years, every effort being made during
this time by Santa Anna and other officials, to screen him from con-
viction. Their attempts, however, proving abortive, and sentence of
death being finally awarded against him, it fell to the lot of the dicta-
tor, who had, in the meanwhile, risen to the presidency, to ratify the
verdict, and order his execution. This he declined to do upon one
pretext and another, granting the condemned respite after respite,
until popular indignation became exasperated to the highest pitch.
Dreading the fury bis equivocal course had excited in the public mind,
and alarmed by threats of a revolutionary character, Santa Anna re-
tired from the city, and left the task of consummating the vengeance of
the law to General Bravo.

“ Janes was finally executed, and, before suffering, confessed his nu-
merous crimes. Amongst these was the murder of Mairet, in which,
as in all, he plead the connivance of Santa Anna, and other accompli-
ces. He died, invoking the most direful curses upon their heads, for
abandoning him and concurring in his death.”

In justice to Mr. Brantz Mayer, the author of “ Mexico as it Was
and Is,” we must say that the “ New York Mirror” has lately point-
ed out some very remarkable plagiarisms from Mr. M.’s book, perpe-
trated by Mr. Snapp.

Remarkt on an Address delivered before the New England Society of the City of
New York, December 23, 1844, by George P. Marsh. Boston: C. Stimp-
son.

The manner of writing and punctuating the title-page of this pamph-
let, is every thing. The remarks are certainly not by George P. Marsh.
They are by some person anonymous, and are levelled against Mr. M
—a point which it is just as well to understand. The treatise is pun-
gently written, but we disagree with it throughout in its estimate of
Mr. Marsh’s eloquence. The floridity which is objectionable in a
written book, is not unfrequently a merit in an oration. In this case
we can easily conceive not only that Mr. Marsh’s oratory was enthu-
siastically received, but that it was skilfully planned for the purpose
of ensuring an enthusiastic reception.

Table-Talk. By William Hazlitt. Part 1. No. 6 of Wiley and Putnam’s Li-
brary of Choice Reading, pp. 200. Price 37 1-2 cts.

This is a reprint of the two volumes published in Paris by Galignani,
under the author’s own supervision, the essays having been selected
from the four volumes published by himself in London. The second
part will comprise the essays which the author would probably have
included in another series which he intended to publish in Paris. It
would be hardly a remove from sheer impertinence to recommend the
essays of Hazlitt to ordinary readers ; he has been more universally
read in this country than any other English essayist, if we except Ma-
caulay. His egotism, though as obtrusive as Cobbett’s, is one of the
charms of his style, for it is only the egotism of a dunce that is often
sive. The two first essays in this volume, on the pleasure of painting,
we would recommend to the consideration of all young artists who
have not been abroad. The author had made very satisfactory pro-
gress in the art when he went to the Louvre while it contained the
fruits of Napoleon’s conquests in Italy, and he abandoned his easel.
He saw a variety of excellence that he felt himself unable ever to
equal, and he gave up painting in despair. Yet he had, unquestiona-
bly, the genius of a painter, and his writings on art are among the
most valuable of his productions. His principles may be safely trust-
ed, but his criticisms on pictures must be taken with many grains of
allowance for his enthusiasm. He could see charms in a picture which
no one else could discover, and as bis criticisms were generally based
upon recollections, he sometimes attributed qualities and features to a
work which on inspection it was found to lack. The essay in this col-
lection on a picture by Nicolas Poussin would lead a novice to expect
qualities in a landscape which no work of art can ever possess. The
critic attributes to the work itself the sublime ideas which it suggested
to his mind, but which the painter himself probably never knew
But the essay in the collection from which most practical good may-
be gained is that on the ignorance of the learned. It is just the thing
to take the starch out of a pedant and a book-worm, and we would
recommend it to the sensible ignorant for their consolation.

American Facts. Notes and Statistics relative to the government, resources,
engagements, &c. &c. &c. of the United States of America. By George
Palmer Putnam, member of the New York Historical Society ; Hon. Mem.
of the Connecticut Hist. Soc., Hon. Secretary of the American Art-Union ;
Author of an introduction to history, &c. With portraits and a map.
London and New York. Wiley and Putnam.

A handsome volume of nearly three hundred pages, containing a large
amount of statistics, well calculated to enlighten English readers in
respect to this country. We cannot understand the motive of the
author in affixing to a work of this kind such a ponderous joke
as the absurd review of British poets which appeared in the
North American Review a year ago. It cannot surely help the sale
of the book in London, and it will hardly have the effect of soothing
any of the harsh feelings which may be still entertained by English
writers towards American authors, or the American people at large.
It is attaching too much importance to the paltry jealousy or ill na-
ture of an anonymous scribbler to make his niaseries the subject of na-
tional recriminations. The portraits are chiefly valuable as being im-
pressions from plates produced by the nearly discovered process of
multiplying prints.	_______

Count Ludwig, and other romances. By Charles Dickens, with stories by
Jerrold, Moore, Ainsworth, and Allan Cunningham. Now first collected
into a single vol. H. G. Daggers, 30 Ann st. Price 25 cts.

Count Ludwig is one of the most remarkable of its author’s produc-
tions, as containing not the slightest evidence of his peculiar and bril-
liant genius. The changes of an author’s style forms a curious chapter

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

285

in the history of literature, and the study of Count Ludwig in contrast
with the other writings of Boz, is an interesting subject for the
critic.

The Apochryphal New Testament, containing all the Gospels, Epistles, and
other pieces, not included in the New Testament, by its compilers. Trans-
lated and now first collected into one volume. New York. Published by

H.	G. Daggers, 30 Ann st.

The importance of this publication to all Bible students may be in-
ferred from the following passage in the translator's preface to the
second English edition.

“ By some persons of the multitude commonly known by the name
of Christians, and who profess to suppose they do God service by call-
ing themselves so, the editor has been assailed with a malignity and
fury that would have graced the age of Elizabeth and Mary.”

The volume is handsomely printed on good paper in a shape uniform
with the ordinary editions of the genuine New Testament.

History of Germany, from the earliest period to the present time. By Frede-
rick Kohlrausch translated from the last German edition, by James D.
Haas. Appleton and Co., 200 Broadway. Part 2d, 25 cts.

The present number of this admirable history reaches to the middle
of the fourteenth century. The work will be complete in three more
numbers, and will form a most valuable and much needed addition to
historical libraries.

Specimens of Ancient Oracular and Fighting Eolipiles : with remarks on Dra-
gons and other fire breathing monsters of mythology and the middle ages,
being a supplement to his treatise on hydraulics and mechanics; by Tho-
mas Ewbank. New York. Published by the Author. 1845.

This supplement to the large work on Hydraulics, by Mr. Ewbank,
will render that treatise the most learned and perfect one on that
branch of science in existence. Mr. Ewbank is a double enthusiast,
for he seems to have given as much thought and research to the mor-
al demons and dragons of antiquity as to those of metal, wood and
stone.

THE MAGAZINES.

The Aristidean.—The April, or second number of the Aristidean,
is a decided improvement on the first. Some of the papers are exceed-
ingly good—precisely what Magazine papers should be—vigorous,
terse, and independent. “ Travels in Texas” is very interesting.

"Richard Parker’s Widow” is also admirable; and "Hans Spiegen”
is quite in the Blackwood vein. There is a long review or rather run-
ning commentary upon Longfellow’s poems. It is, perhaps, a little
coarse, but we are not disposed to call it unjust; although there are
in it some opinions which, by implication, are attributed to ourselves
individually, and with which we cannot altogether coincide. "Shood
Swing is queer, and the "Notes about Men of Note” are amusing. Of
the political papers we shall not speak. There is not much verse in
the number, but some of it is admirable. "The Necessity of Stran-
gling” is worthy of Hood, and "The Hanging of Polly Bodine” is
perhaps a better thing in the same way. To show how high an opi-
nion we entertain of the lines with the wretched title of "A Heart-
Burst,” we will take the liberty of purloining them in full. They are,
we think, the composition of the editor, Mr. English, and it is many a
long day since we have seen anything so truly beautiful—in its pecu-
liar mode of beauty:

Fill me no cup of Xeres' wine to her my heart holds dear;

If you insist to pledge with me, then drop a silent tear.

For she I love is far away, and months must pass before
Her heart shall leap to hear again my foot-tramp at the door.

And thus apart, my weary heart, torn both with hopes and fears,

Gives to my spirit wretchedness, and to my eyelids tears.

You laugh and quaff your Xeres’ wine around the festive board,

And jest with names of those you love, which secret you should hoard;
And I conceal how much I feel, for words could not express
The sorrow weeping in my heart, the abject wretchedness,

Illumined by a single hope—God grant it not in vain!—

That foes may cease to part our hearts, and we may meet again.

In mechanical execution—that is to say, in its general external and
internal arrangement, the “ Aristidean” is infinitely before any Ame-
rican magazine:—although the cover, perhaps, might be improved.
In regard to its morale, the rock on which it seems most in danger of
splitting is coarseness of vituperation. But if we are to choose be-
tween this and namby-pambyism, give us by all means not the latter.
We sincerely wish the editor all the success which his vigorous abili-
ties deserve.

MUSICAL. REVIEW.

Melodies, by J. T. S. Sullivan, adapted to Airs, selected from the German

Italian and French Composers. Published by George W. Appleton, 148

Chesnut street, Philadelphia.

Such is the title of a typed, or rather stereotyped work of some
pretension. How it will support this pretension we shall see anon.
We have heard of poems of every description being adapted to melo-
dies, but we must candidly confess that we never before heard of Me-
lodies being adapted to Airs. Byron and Moore wrote words to He-
brew and Irish Melodies, and the joint production (words and music)
was known as the Hebrew Melodies or the Irish Melodies. We think
that it would be advisable to alter the title to one more comprehen-
sive.

The composers from whose works the airs are selected, are F.
Schubert, Bellini, F. Wollank, and G. Doering, besides two airs, com-
posers’ names not known. We think the selection very poor; they are,
in fact, the veriest musical trifles that have come under our notice for
a considerable period. From such an inexhaustible stock of good ma-
terials, it is really a matter for wonder, that six such unimportant
melodies or airs should have been chosen. It must have cost conside-
rable trouble to pick them out. The music of Germany and France is
particularly rich in songs, romances, and chorusses, and the amount
of the beautiful in them is truly great. It would be a valuable gift to
the musical world, if an extensive and judicious selection were made
from these gems, and we believe Mr. Sullivan to be eminently calcu-
lated to adapt the poetry to them. We can find nothing to condemn
in the present poetical portion of the work before us. It is carefully
executed, the accentuation is well preserved, and the sentiments just-
ly conceived. We are pleased to be able to compliment Mr. Sullivan
upon his taste.

Where Art Thou, words by Mrs. Norton, are by no means adapted to
the air Oft in the Stilly Night, there being one or two feet more in every
line of her poem than there are in Moore’s. To adapt them, therefore,
would require additional notes, to commence on the third beat, instead
of the first of the bar, which would materially alter the character of
the music. Why this poem is placed in this collection, (unless to fill
up a space) especially as the music is not given, we are at a loss to
understand. We like the idea of the work much, and it is probable
that the selections may improve. We wish the undertaking every
success, and hope to be able to give a more flattering account of the
next number.

Clydesdale Farewell, a Scottish ballad, written and composed by
James Lawson. This ballad is written and composed by an amateur.

Music owes a considerable debt of gratitude to musical amateurs, for
the interest they take in the art, and for the many admirable contri-
butions they have given to the world. The names of Lord Onslow,
the Earl of Mornington, Beale, Rogers, and very many others, will be
remembered by musicians with pleasure. We have, to be sure, very
frequently to be lenient to the effect, for the sake of the cause.

The ballad before us is simple and pretty. The composer has aim-
ed at an imitation of the Scottish character, and if the imitation be
not very close, it is at least near enough to fix the idea. The arrange-
ment is very easy, and the vocal part ranges within the compass of
very little more than an octave. It will doubtless find many admirers
and numerous purchasers.

BERTINI'S PIANO FORTE METHOD. Published by W. H. Okes, and for sale by
E. H. Wade, 197 Washington st. Boston.

Our remarks upon this celebrated Instruction Book, have called forth
many enquiries from various quarters, and as it is impossible for us to
answer them individually, we take this opportunity to answer them
en masse.

What we have before said upon the excellences of this work, we find
fully confirmed upon closer examination, and we have the testimony
of many eminent men to the fact of its admirable adaptation to the use
of students, and of its inevitable effect in producing brilliant and cer-
tain players, undeviating timeists, and in imparting a thorough theo-
retical knowledge of the necessary principles of music, and a sterling
and classical method of performance.

We ourselves, have daily evidence of the benefit conferred upon pu-
pils by the adoption of Bertini’s method; not alone in the mechanical
but in the mental portion of the art, which is, after all, of the highest
importance to the beginner, for unless the mind perceives and compre-
hends what the hands have to execute, the progress must be slow and
unsatisfactory in the extreme. The most intelligent master, without
the assistance of some such work as this, and there is no work ex-
tant so perfect, must find an almost unconquerable difficulty in making
clear to the perception of the pupil the minute divisions of time, and

286

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

other particulars, which, though trifling in themselves, yet serve to
make up an amount of mystery, to a youthful mind, hard to unravel.

Of course these mysteries have been unravelled; each master hav-
ing some particular plan or method to elucidate the system. But how
much labor may be saved the master ; how much mental puzzling and
memory-staving may be spared the pupil, when a work is used which
will lighten the toil of both. We have had many years’ experience in
the instruction of young people, and have groaned in spirit for our-
selves, and have mourned no less for those, who, lacking in quick ap-
preciation, have toiled and struggled on through what must have ap-
peared to them an endless sea of difficulty, and can, therefore, fully
appreciate to the fullest extent all the advantages offered by the
Method of Bertini.

We promised in our notice of this work, to advise our young friends
upon certain important and admirable portions of the Method for parti-
cular practice. We are unable to do so in this notice, from want of
space. But we will do so, by and bye, as we do not think that too
much attention can be drawn to an elementary work of such undoubt-
ed merit.

To those of our professional friends who have not already examined
it, we earnestly recommend an early and faithful perusal of the work,
for we feel convinced, that its general use will do more to correct the
imperfect and superficial system of musical education now but too
prevailing, than all that can be written or urged by the united power
of the press.

Piano-Fortes.—We recommend our musical friends to call at the
store of Mr. T. H. Chambers, 385 Broadway, and try a seven octave
instrument, which is now on exhibition there. It is really a most
lovely instrument. It is clear, brilliant and powerful in tone, and at
the same time sweet and melodious. The touch is light, free and
springy, and the form is elegant and unique. He has many fine pianos
in his store, but we desire to call particular attention to this one, as
we think that it is one of the finest he has ever turned out.

ITEMS.

Park Theatre.—Mr. Anderson has just closed an engagement at
this establishment, which has proved beyond a doubt, the most profi-
table and the most honorable, both to the manager and the actor, to
be found on record for many years. Mr. Anderson has won for himself
the universal praise of the press, and he is the acknowledged and
prime favorite of the public. He has won his laurels justly, and may
he wear them long.

Olympic Theatre.—This popular place of amusement, finished on
Wednesday last, a season of the most unparalleled success. Mr. Mitch-
ell is undoubtedly the wisest and the most far-seeing of managers.
His success cannot be attributed to individual excellence, but rather to
the perfect ensemble. He deals not with stars, but he gathers around
him a first-rate working team which he fashions to his hand, adapting
them to the wants and the tastes of the public. Every novelty abroad
—adapted to his company and his audience, finds its way to his thea-
tre in advance of all competitors. He is indefatigable in catering to
the amusement of the public, and hence his unwavering success.

Mr. Mitchell departs upon a professional tour next week. He will
visit Boston first we believe.

Concert for the Benefit of Mr. W. Alpers.—It is proposed, we
understand, to give a grand concert in a short time, for the benefit of
Mr. Alpers, who has been laboring for a considerable period under se-
vere sickness. We are sure that every member of the profession will
volunteer their services with hearty good will upon the occasion, for
Mr. Alpers is esteemed and respected upon every hand. We know
him to be one of the most worthy members of the profession—talent-
ed, learned, accomplished, and willing to assist all who are in need of
his assistance.

We earnestly appeal to the public and the profession, to come for-
ward and give substantial evidence of their appreciation of his merits,
upon this deeply interesting and truly sad occasion.

Mary Taylor, it is said, will proceed to Boston, after the closing of
the Olympic, which will lake place this week, and returns to fulfill an
engagement at Niblo’s, which will open early in June.

Mr. George Loder has become the organist of Grace Church, and is
succeeded in the Market St. church by Mr. Bristow, who is succeeded
by Mr. Harrison in St. Patrick’s Cathedral. Instability is the order of
the day.

NATIONAL NOMENCLATURE.

Although we have approved the recommendation of the Commit-
tee of the Historical Society, in regard to changing the national name,
yet we must acknowledge that we have had but little faith that the
people would be influenced by the recommendation. Names of coun-
tries must be of spontaneous generation, but when one is given by
law it may be as well not to disturb it. As our nation extends its
boundaries, the States must grow more provincial, and from necessity
the people will be called after their provinces rather than the conti-
nent which they inhabit. We shall learn to call each other, and shall
be distinguished abroad as Vermonters, Virginians or Texans. But
there is a difficulty in the awkward names of some of the Slates—as
Massachusetts, Ohio, New Hampshire, &c. Necessity, however, who
is always ready with an invention, when one is needed, will never fail
to supply a nick-name without the help of any other society than so-
ciety at large. The following list of national nick-names, which we
cut from an exchange paper, shows how little we need apprehend a
dearth of distinctive titles by which we may be known.

The inhabitants of

Maine, are called	Foxes.
New Hampshire,	Granite boys.
Massachusetts,	Bay Staters.
Vermont,	Green Mountain Boys.
Rhode-Island,	Gun Flints.
Connecticut,	Wooden Nutmegs.
New York,	Knickerbockers.
New Jersey,	Clam-catchers.
Pennsylvania,	Leatherheads.
Delaware,	Musk-rats.
Maryland,	Craw-thumpers.
Virginia,	Beagles.
North Carolina,	Tar-boilers.
South Carolina,	W easels.
Georgia,	Buzzards.
Louisiana,	Cre-owls.
Alabama,	Lizards.
Kentucky,	Corn-crackers.
Tennessee,	Cotton-manies.
Ohio,	Buck-eyes.
Indiana,	Hoosiers.
Illinois,	Suckers.
Missouri,	Pewks.
Mississippi,	Tadpoles.
Arkansas,	Gophers.
Michigan,	Wolverines.
Florida.	Fly-up-the-Creeks.
Wisconsin,	Badgers.
Iowa,	Hawkeyes.
N. W. Territory,	Prairie Dogs.
Oregon,	Hard Cases.

Popular Lectures.—We looked into some forty or fifty exchange
papers one day last week, and found in every one of them, from city
and country, Mrs. Caudle’s lectures from Punch. This led us first to
read them and then to reflect on the cause of their popularity. They
are evidently a hit. Yet they possess no particular interest, no story,
no plot, no wit, no puns, nothing thrilling or exciting, but only a few
little touches of nature which have found admission into every heart
at which they have knocked. We will venture to assert that no lady
will see anything to admire or laugh at in Mrs. Caudle’s lectures.
But they are immensely popular among husbands, who have all heard
something like them, and out of pure spile to their Mrs. Caudles, all
who have newspapers under their control, publish the lectures to let
the world into secrets that they dare not directly divulge. Laman
Blanchard has been named as the author of these popular lectures,
but that is an error : they are by another hand. Let him be who he
may, he relates his own experiences; there is more truth in Mrs. Cau-
dle’s curtain lectures than in any course of scientific lectures that we
are acquainted with. Dr. Lardner’s were not half so popular because
they were not half so true.

The Way they do things in England.—The Committee of the
Royal Corporation of the Literary Fund, at its meeting on Wednesday
the 19th ult. unanimously voted 100l. towards the fund now raising for
the benefit of the family of the late Laman Blanchard.

We learn that Mr. Howitt is engaged on a work which has occupied
more or less of his attention for some years, viz. “ Visits to the Birth-
places and Resorts of the most eminent English Poets.” It will in-
clude not only visits to many of the most interesting spots in England,
Ireland, and Scotland, but also in Switzerland, Italy, &c.

Notice.— The Office of the Broadway Journal has been
removed from 153 Broadway to 135 Nassau Street, Clinton
Hall Buildings.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

287

DESIGNING AND ENGRAVING

ON WOOD.

SAMUEL E. BROWN, 70 Nassau Street, Corner of

John, New York.

Portraits, Views of Buildings, Scenery. Original Designs, &c. &c. furnished
at this establishment.

MR. AND MRS. KIRKLAND’S

SCHOOL FOR YOUNG LADIES,

No. 255 Greene Street,

One door above Waverly Place, New York.

THIS School differs essentially from most others in

this city, m one particular: the number admitted is so limited that each
scholar receives the personal attention and instruction of the principals.

Mr. Kirkland resided some years in Europe for the express purpose of
qualifying himself as an instructor.

The French language is taught by an approved master, a native of France;
and every facility is afforded for practice, both in the school and in the family.

The plan of in*truct.on embraces three divisions. The Initiatory Course in-
cludes Grammar, Geography, American History, Writing and Arithmetic,
with Composition. Reading* aloud, Spelling and Definition, form part of the
daily exercises of the whole school.

The Second continues the above-named studies, with the addition of An-
cient and Modern History and the French Language.

In the higher or Ӕsthetic course all the usual branches of a thorough En-

glish course of education are included, with French, German, Latin and
Greek, according to the wish of the parent and the capacity of the scholar.
Pupils in this course pay particular attention to Poetry, to the art of Com-
position, and to the Philosophy of History. Moral Philosophy is taught from
Dymond, as abridged and prepared for schools by Mrs. Kirkland. Lectures
on various subjects are delivered by Mr. and Mrs. Kirkland, and others; and
the general course of study is advanced and rendered interesting by copious
illustrations from French and English Literature.

Primary Course, -	-	-	$12 50 Per Quarter

Second “ (including French, &c.)	18 00	"

Third, or highest course, -	-	15 00	"

Music—Piano Forte, -	-	-	15 00	"

“ Singing, -		-	-	15 00	"

Drawing, -	-	-	10 00	"

Dancing, -		-	-	12 00	"

For Board, (payable Quarterly in advance,) $175 per Annum.



Board during vacation, at the same rate.

The young ladies are required to bring towels, spoons, fork and napkin
ring—every article fully marked,

Washing $7 50 per Quarter.

No Extras—whether for fuel, use of instruments, or any thing not here
specified.

Pupils received at any time, and charged in proportion only.

References to parents and guardians given if desired.

THE UNITED STATES MAGAZINE AND DE-

 MOCRATIC REVIEW, for May, 1845.

CONTENTS.

1.	The Mexican Question.

2.	New Orleans as I found it

3.	English Letter Writers. By W. A. Jones.	

4.	Bedreddin's Tarts, or the Consequences of an Indigestion.

5.	On Writing for the Magazines.

6.	Brallaghan, or the Deipnosophists.

7.	Legends of the Lakes. No. 1. By Rev. Ralph Hoyt.

8.	Education. By Henry Norman Hudson.

9.	The Journal of an American Cruiser. By an officer of the U.S. Navy.

10.	Alleghan ; or Alleghania America.

11.	Connet. By N. H. T. Tuckerman.

12.	The Young American. By Alex. H. Everett.

I3.	The Friends. From the German of Ludwig Tieack.

14.	Monthly Financial and Commercial Article.

15.	New Books of the Month.

16.	Literary Bulletin.	

17.	Miscellany.—The Antigone at Palmo's; Mr. Anderson in Beaumont

and Fletcher; the Drama and Mr. Murdoch.

18.	New York Historical Society.

Note to the Article on Alleghan.	HENRY G. LANGLEY,

8 Astor House.

THE BŒHM FLUTE.

(NEW INVENTION.)

Adopted at the Royal Academy of Music, London, the Conservatorie at
Paris, and the Principal Musical Institutions in Europe.

MR. LARRABEE, Manufacturer of the “ BŒhm

FLUTE," 110 FULTON ST. N.Y., anxious to introduce to the Amateurs of
the cities the above Important Invention, which has been so enthusiastically
received and generally used by the most distinguished European Artists, feels
happy in being able to place before them the following testimonial to its
merits, signed by two or the moat distinguished of our resident Artists.

We hereby certify to the the excellence of Bœhm Flute as manufactured
by Mr. J.D. Larrabee ; to the beauty of its tone, the perfection of its tune,
and the simplicity of its fingering, which readers a brilliant execution
comparatively easy.

Philip Ernst (who has already introduced it

successfully among his pupils.

John A. KYLE, Principal Flute of the Philhar-
monic Society and Italian Opera, Professor and Teacher of the Bœhm Flute,
41 Forsyth street, New York.

Amateurs and Professors are requested to call at the manufactory, 110

Fulton st. and judge for themselves.

JOHN DOUGLAS,

BOOK AND JOB PRINTER,
No. 68 ANN STREET.

PIANO-FORTES.—A. H. GALE & CO.’S WARE-

Rooms, No. 239 Broadway—Manufactory Third Avenue, corner of 13th
street.

Purchasers are invited to call and examine their extensive assortment of
Rosewood and Mahogany Piano-Fortes, with from six to seven octaves, em-
bracing ever variety of patterns, made in their well known substantial man-
ner, under their immediate and personal superintendence, by skillful and
experienced mechanics, from the best seasoned materials.

These instruments embrace many important improvements, which will re-
commend themselves, and are finished in the highest state of perfection, with
the best French grand action, warranted in every respect by the manufac-
turer.

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to

Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assort-
ment of the larest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of the most superior
quality ; such as he is prepared to guarantee for their excellence of Tone.
Touch, and External Finish, and to endure in any climate. A liberal dis-
count from the standard prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano
Fortes aways on hire.

PIANO FORTES.

THE Subscribers, while returning thanks to their

numerous friends and to the public, would, atthe same time, call atten-
tion to their Stock of Instruments, of six and seven octaves, just finished, in
elegant Rosewood and Mahogany cases.

The Subscribers, from their long experience in every department of the
business, have been enabled to and several important improvements to the
action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove, upon examina-
tion, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM.

361 Broadway.

Manufactory 13th St., between 3d and 4th Avenues.
N. B.—A good second-hand Piano Forte for sale.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as iron frames,
&c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made from choice mate-
rials and highly finished, with the most faithful workmanship, the result of
23 years experience in the business.

FRILEY & CO., No. 297 Broadway, (between

Reade and Duane streets,) New York, Publishers of Music, and Man-
ufacturers of Musical Instruments, wholesale and retail. In addition to their
own catalogue, (one of the largest in the United States,) they keep on hand
he publications of all the principal Music houses. Thev are erecting a large
Saloon in the rear of their store, where Piano Fortes of a superior quality
will be constantly kept on hand.

PIANO - FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to the ele-
gant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establishment, Corner of
Cottage-place and Bleecker Street, which he will sell at prices unusually low.

J.	P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twenty
years, and for a large portion of that time manufacturer for two of the larg-
est Music Stores in this city, feels warranted in saying that his instruments
will bear a favorable chmparison with those of the best makers in this coun-
try or Eurepe, and that they contain all the real improvements of the day.
Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and Repaired.
New York, April 23d. 1845.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER,

88, 90, & 92 WALKER STREET, NEAR ELM.

a large stock of the finest Instruments always on hand.
TERMS MODERATE.

BERTINI’S METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive

work yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this method
the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases. The most prom-

inent feature of this work is that the lessons, exercises, scales and studies, are

given in such PROGRESSIVE order, that they enlist the interest of pupils, and
carry them almost imperceptibly through those mechanical difficulties which,
otherwise, are too often made irksome in other instruction books. The time
has arrived when a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account,

and it is only by the study of such methods as Bertini’s that pupils, will be en

abled to READ music with facility, and at the same time become good musi

cians

This method commence* in the most plain and simple manner; the rud-
ments of music being given and illustrated at the same time and each lesson

is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.	“lcs!on

The publishers are in possession of the highest reccommendations from pro-
fessional gentleman, who speak of the superior merits of BERTINI's METHOD
over all others yet published in this country, most of them having used the
foreign copies previously. It will only be necessary to give a few of the
names in the principal cities.

                          BOSTON                                NEW YORK.

Messrs. G.J. Webb                 Messrs. H.C. Timm.

                  J.G. Maedar.                                 W. Alpers.

H.T. Hach.                              U.C. Hill.

E.L. White.                             F.H. Brown.

David Paine.                           PHILADELPHIA

A. Kurek.                               B.C. Cross.

T.B. Moses.                            Joseph Duggan.

	



ALBANY—O. J. Shaw.

Professor, and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the work
American edition published by E. H. WADE and W. H. OAKES, 197 Wash-
ington street, Boston.

288

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

SHEPARD

IS SELLING BOOKS AND STATIONARY AS

cheap as ever.

He has added a large assortment of Books bought at very low prices at
the late trade sale.

Niebuhr’s Rome, just published at $5, he will sell far below that price.
Encyclopedia Americana, in 13 vols., he will sell low enough.

He has also added a beautiful assortment of Gold Pencils—some of which
he will sell as low as $1,87 1-2 cents, warranted.

Another lot of that beautiful Letter Paper at $1,50 per ream—well worth
$2,25.

Please call and see if you cannot buy to suit you at

SHEPARD’S, 191 Broadway,

opposite John street.

T

NOW READY,

No. VI. of

WILEY & PUTNAM’S

LIBRARY OF CHOICE READING,

ABLE-TALK—Opinions on Books, Men, and

Things, by William Hazlitt. Part 1, price 37 1-2 cents.

CONTENTS.

Publisher’s Advertisement.

1.	On the Pleasure of Painting.

2.	The same subject.

3.	On the Past and Future.

4.	On People with one Idea.

5.	On the Ignorance of the Learned.

6.	On Will-Making.

7.	On a Landscape of Nicholas Poussin.

8.	On Going a Journey.

9.	Why Distant Objects please.

10.	On Corporate Bodies.

11.	On the Knowledge of Character.

12.	On the Fear of Death.

13.	On Application to Study.

14.	On the Old Age of Artists.

15.	On Egotism.

16.	On the Regal Character.

no. VII.

HEADLONG HALL AND NIGHTMARE ABBEY. 37 1-2

cents.

NO. viii.

THE FRENCH IN ALGIERS. 1. The Soldier of the Foreign

Legion. 2. The Prisoners of Abd-el-Kader. From German and French
sources, by Lady Duff Gordon, translator of the Amber Witch. 37 1-2 cents.

IN PRESS,

EVENINGS WITH THE OLD STORY TELLERS. Ancient

Moral Tales from the Gesta Romanorum.

IMAGINARY CONVERSATIONS, by Walter Savage Landor.
LEIGH HUNT’S INDICATOR.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

The first Premium awarded fire years by the American Institute for the
best Specimen of Off-hand Penmanship.

GOLDSMITH'S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

NO. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-
tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed 10 all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of one hour each. Terms Reduced to TWO DOLLARS
AND A HALF.

Double Entry Book-Keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 8 P. M. daily for gentlemen
and from 11 to 1 o’clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

Fur sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems or Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

No.

DISBROW’S RIDING SCHOOL,

408, BOWERY, near Astor and La Fayette

Places. New York.

Mr. D. has the honor to announce that his School is open Day and Even-
ing, for Equestrian Tuition and Exercise Riding.

TERMS:

Lecture Lesions.	Exercise Riding.

16 Lessons...............$ 15 00	1 Month...............$ 12 00

10	“	 10	00	20	Rides................10	 00

4	“	  5	00	10	“	 •6 00

Single Lessons........... 2 00 Single Rides............... . 075

Road “	.............2 50

N. B.—Highly trained and quiet Horses for the Road or Parade, to let.
Evening Class.

12 Lessons..................$9 	00	20 Rides..............$10 	00

Single " ................1 00   Single Ride.........• ... 0 75

RULES :

1.	All Lessons or Rides paid for on commencing.

2. One hour allowed for each Lesson or Ride in the School.

3.	One hour and a half for a Lesson on the Road.

4.	Hours for Ladies, from 9 A. M. to 3 P. M.

5.	Hours for Gnetlemen, from 3 to 4, and from 7 to 9 1-2 P. M.

6.	No Gentlemen admitted during the hours appropriated to Ladies.

A card of address is requested previous to commencing.

N. B. Gentlemen keeping their horses at this establishment, will here the
privilege of riding them in the School gratis.

THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published Monthly at Richmond, Va.; price Five Dollars per Year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since 1835,

has a large subscription list among the élite of the Southern Aristocracy,
and is the principal organ of Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the “ Broadway Jour-
nal,” 153 Broadway.

IMPORTANT WORKS FOR PUBLIC LIBRARIES,

FOR SALE BY

BARTLETT & WELFORD, NEW YORK.

THE TRANSACTIONS OF THE ROYAL SOCI-

ETY OF LONDON, or Philosophical Transactions, from the
commencement, in 1665 to 1800. By Drs. Hutton and Shaw ;
in 18 vols. 4 to., and from 1600 to 1835, in 36 vols., together
54 vols. royal, 4 to. uniformly bound in half calf.	$250 00

THE ARCHAEOLEGIA ; or Miscellaneous Tracts, relating to
Antiquity, by the Society of Antiquaries of Sweden, complete
from the beginning in 1770 to 1843, in 30 vols. uniformly
bound in half russia.	225 00

THE DELPHIN EDITION OF THE LATIN CLASSICS; by
Valpy, with various notes, the best edition, (published at £150
sterling) in 142 vols. 8 vo. boards.	200 00

PINKERTONS’ COLLECTIONS OF VOYAGES AND TRAV-
ELS in various parts of the world, 17 large vols., 4 to. half
bound in calf.	70	00

BAYLE’S GREAT HISTORICAL AND CRITICAL DICTION-
ARY ; by Des Maizeaux, best edition, 5 vols. folio, bound in
calf.	30	00

ANDERSONS’BRITISH POETS; from Chaucer lo Warton ; 14
vols. royal 8 vo. bound in calf extra.	40 00

COLONEL VYSE’S ACCOUNT OF OPERATIONS CARRIED
ON IN EXPLORING THE PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT; with
numerous plates; 3	vols.	4 to.	14	00

REPUBLICATION	OF THE FOREIGN MAGAZINES.

LONDON, EDINBURGH, FOREIGN, and WEST-

 MINSTER QUARTERLY REVIEWS, and BLACKWOOD’S MAGA-
ZINE.

The above Periodicals are reprinted in New-York, immediately on their
arrival by the British steamers, in a beautiful clear type, on line white paper
and are faithful copies of the originals—Blackwood’s Magazine being an ex-
act fac-simile of the Edinburgh Edition.

The wide spread fame of these splendid Periodicals renders it needless to
say much to their praise. As literary organs, they stand far in advance of
any works of a similar stamp now published, while their political complexion
is marked by a dignity, candor, ana forbearance not often found in works of
a party character.

They embrace the views of the three great parties in England, Whig, Tory,
and Radical. “ Blackwood” and the “ London Quarterly” are Tory ; the
“ Edinburgh Review” Whig ; and the “ Westminster” Radical. The “ For-
eign Quarterly” is purely literary, being devoted principally to criticisms on
foreign Continental Works.

The prices of the Re-Prints are less than one third of those of the foreign
copies ; and while they are equally well got up, they afford all that advan-
tage to the American over the English reader.

TERMS.—Payment to be made in Advance.

For the four Quarterly Reviews, $8.00 per annum,

For any three	"	"	7.00	"

For any two	"	"	5.00	"

For any one	"	"	3.00	"

For Blackwood, Monthly,	3.00	"

For 4 Reviews & Blackwood, 10.00	"

CLUBBING.

Four copies of any or all the above works will be sent to one address, on
payment of the regular subscription for three—the fourth copy being gratis.
Remittances and communications (post-paid or franked) should be made to
LEONARD SCOTT & CO., Pub’s, 113 Fulton st., N.Y.

DISEASES OF THE TEETH.

Washington, D. C., May, 1844.

THE neglect of the Teeth is the cause of much suffering
and regret, and should not be disregarded by the most thoughtless.
The undersigned having received the benefit of Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s
professional skill, and believing him well qualified in the science of
Dental Surgery, and an accomplished and skillful operator, we most
cheerfully certify to the ease and safety with which Dr. B. performs
the various and important operations, so essential to the usefulness,
durability, and beauty of the Teeth.

Hon. J. W. M. Berrien, Geo. Hon. John B. Dawson, La.
Joshua Herrick, Me.	John H. Lumpkin, Geo.

James Irvin, Pa.	J. Thompson, Miss.

Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s Office and Residence, 103 Liberty st., New York.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL,

Reddiro & Co., .... Boston, Mass.
Color & Adriarce,	... Philadelphia, Pa.

R. G. H. HUNTINGTON, ... 		Hartford, Ct.
George Jones, .... Albany, N. Y.
Thomas H. Pease, ... New Haven, Ct.

John Douglas, Printer, 68 Ann Street.