THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

VOL. I.	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, APRIL 26, 1845.	NO. 17.

Three Dollars per Annum.	Published at 153 Broadway

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	C. F. BRIGGS, EDGAR A. POE, H. C. WATSON, EDITORS.	By JOHN BISCO.

TWENTIETH ANNUAL EXHIBITION OF THE ACADEMY
OF NATIONAL DESIGN.

HE Artists of New York,
make their appeal to the
public but once a year;
eleven months they labor
in their retired studios—
unknown but to a select
few, seeking, like miners
in the dark, after the
gems which a thoughtless
world will regard with
as much indifference as
though they were soap
bubbles which had been

created by a puff, and like a puff could be meetly rewarded

Among the innumerable excitements of our busy life, the open-

ing of the Academy seems but a trivial matter, yet to many
an ambitious spirit it is the one great event of the year. That

modest little canvass, bearing upon its surface a remote like-

ness of a kitten, a decayed tree, or a red-nosed toper, and
hung, or rather stuck in a pokerish corner on a level with
one’s boots, as though spectators carried their eyes in their
ankles, insignificant as it may appear to you or me, is an ob-

ject of immense importance to somebody; the corner stone
of a young artist’s reputation, the point d'appui of his for-
tunes and happiness; and you may be sure that the obscure
position in which the merciless "hangers" have placed his
chef d'œuvre has caused him a cruel palpitation of the heart,
and not unlikely a flood of tears, and he has promised him-
self that when he gets to be a “ hanger" he will be sure and
give all young artists a place on the line. Happy period of
hopes and disappointments, when there is something to look
forward to! It is better to be a poor artist with something
to gain, than a Rafaelle with powers fully developed an no-
thing more to hope for.

The first glance at the exhibition, impressed us with an
idea of its superiority over the exhibition of the last year, and
a more deliberate survey of the pictures has confirmed the
impression. There is a smaller number of works than the
exhibition of last year contained, and consequently there are
fewer bad pictures; we understand that there were some
paintings rejected, and every sincere friend of Art will regret
that the committee bad not rejected “ some more." It is no
disgrace to an artist to paint a poor picture, but it is a dis-
grace to an institution like the National Academy, which
assumes the responsible duty of fostering and encouraging
Art, to exhibit pictures to the public, which have no artis-
tic merit of any kind. It is a mistaken kindness to an
artist to exhibit one of his works that will bring him into
contempt; it will be better that he remain unknown,
than known unfavorably ; his crude works, which may appear
respectably in his own room, when hung by the side of a

finished performance will appear very bad. The hanging
committee have an extremely delicate duty, and it is easy
to understand the difficulty of rejecting the work of a per-
sonal friend or of an associate, but their duty to the cause of
Art, and even to the individual himself, should outweigh
every other consideration, and no amiable feelings should be
allowed to avert the decisions of an honest judgment. Every
visiter to the exhibition will feel that the committee of ar-
rangement have done themselves—the cause of Art, and one
of their own members, a grievous wrong, by the admission
of the landscape numbered 28 on the catalogue. We do not
believe that any member of the Academy, excepting the one
who painted it, will say that this picture is worthy of a place
in the exhibition, and every body will feel that it will do the
artist whose name it bears a positive harm; yet it is given a
post of honor, and two of the very best paintings in the
exhibition are hung so high that their real merits cannot
be discovered. There are other paintings in the exhibition
which should have been excluded, but none so obtrusive as
this, or by artists who write N. A. at the end of their names.
We have heard a very good reason given for hanging this
picture.—The artist committed murder, and therefore was
hung; to which we agree, but then he should have been
hung out of sight: the law of the state says that no criminal
shall be hung in public.

The exhibition consists of 369 works of Art, contributed
by 145 artists, of whom four are foreigners. There are 152
portraits, about thirty miniatures, ninety-seven landscapes,
fifteen historical compositions, ten or twelve water-color
drawings, five pen and ink sketches, two pieces of sculp-
ture, one architectural design, and five foreign engravings,
which we do not see the propriety of hanging in an exhibi-
tion of original pictures.

We are very happy to see that the best portraits in the
exhibition are contributed by young artists, hitherto unknown,
who are neither academicians nor associates, for it is to our
young artists that we must look for honorable distinction in
the world of Art; and though in landscape the meed of excel-
lence must still be awarded to Cole and Durand, and in works
of humor, to Mount and Edmonds, there are others, particu-
larly in landscape, who are found treading upon their heels,
and who will very soon be dividing honors with them. We
begin our remarks at the beginning of the catalogue, for the
sake of convenience.

No. 1. Death of Abel—C. Mayr, A. There are many
good points in this picture, although the general effect of it
is unpleasant. The subject is both hackneyed and impres-
sive and it would be impossible to handle it without repeat-
ing somebody’s ideas. The first murder is a solemn theme,
and it should be so handled as to leave no trifling impressions
on the mind of the spectator, but to do so requires talents
which Mr. Mayr evidently lacks. It is truly a melancholy
sight to see so much ability, and so much time and good ma-
terials, employed all to no purpose. What perfect works
should we not see if every man could know what he was

258

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

best calculated to perform! The merest tyro could tell Mr.
Mayr that the head of his Adam is a good deal too small,
that Eve is a good deal too young, that Abel lies as flat upon
the ground as a board, and that the pointer, though very
well painted, detracts from the solemnity of the subject. Full
sized naked figures do not show to good advantage in a room
as small as that of the National Academy.

No. 6. Portrait of Calvin Gitteau.—S. Thayer, Syracuse.
As the work of a young artist, this portrait possesses conside-
rable merit. Though by no means a very agreeable picture,
it is truthful and modest, and very evidently a good likeness
of the original.

No. 7. Portrait of a Lady—by A. H. Wenzler. We re-
gard this picture as the best portrait in the exhibition. There
is a leaden tone which pervades it that is far from pleasant(
but taken altogether as to drawing, color, and expression, we
have seen nothing there that can be placed beside it. This,
and the other portraits by the same hand in the exhibition,
must give the artist a high position in his profession.

No. 8. Red Jacket's Descendants—W. J. Wilgus, Buffalo.
The portraits of an Indian woman and her child, are well co-
lored, and well drawn, but it is not easy to judge of an artist's
ability, in portraiture, from such subjects as this. The only
portraits that we have seen by Mr. Wilgus were of Indians;
he has an “ H ” at the end of his name, and we believe he
enjoys a high reputation at the west as a portrait painter.

No. 10. Italy in the Olden time—T. Rossiter, A. This
picture is well called after the olden time, for it resembles
nothing that the moderns have ever seen. If paintings like
this, are the legitimate fruits of a residence in Italy, they
should be a caution to our young artists who are longing to
go abroad, to remain at home, and be content with Nature.

No. 11. Portrait—by H. Peters Gray, N. A. As a color-
ist, Mr. Gray undoubtedly stands at the head of the contri-
butors to the present exhibition, but his portraits lack other
qualities which are more essential in a picture than color;
he has taste and fancy in a high degree, but the chief essen-
tial of a portrait, correct drawing, is often wanting in his
performances. This portrait bears sufficient resemblance to
the original to enable his acquaintances to see for whom it
is intended, but the head is exceedingly ill drawn, or the
position in which he stands is a very bad one.

No. 12. Portrait of a Gentleman—W. Swain, A. This is
the portrait of Mr. Casilear, an artist of fine abilities, who
seems to have a strange reluctance to show his performances
to the public. Mr. Swain has succeeded belter in this pic-
ture than in any other that we have seen from his easel.—
No. 43, A Portrait of Dr. Milnor, by the same artist, is a
good likeness, but it is not equal in artistic merit to this of
Mr. Casilear.

No. 3. The Discovery—by L. P. Clover, A. A small cabi-
net painting, representing a lady in a library, reading a let-
ter ; a cavalier is looking over her shoulder, who probably
discovers something, which gives a title to the picture.
Through the open door is seen a life size copy of a group,
from the Antique, Cupid and Psyche. Last year the hanging
committee rejected a painting by an academician for contain-
ing the same figures, infinitely better painted. There is a
globe in one comer of the picture, which is well done; it is
the only point in the composition upon which we can bestow
much commendation. We must confess to a hearty dislike
of these masquerade subjects, they are out of place every
where excepting in a lady's magazine, and even there they
would be out of place if we did not expect to see them as a
matter of course. It is impossible that they should embody

an idea that will prove either profitable or pleasing to any
body, and we cannot but wonder that an artist should throw
away his time in producing such inanities, while the world
is full of sober realities, whose shadows even appeal forcibly
to the heart. Some of Mr. Clover’s earlier sketches seemed
to indicate a love of nature which he must have entirely
lost. The “Discovery” is a bad picture of a very bad
school.

No. 13. Portrait of C. H. Marshall—by C. C. Ingham. N.
A. Mr. Ingham is probably one of the best painters of silks
and velvets in the world ; and if ladies had porcelain necks
and coral lips, he would be equally as good a painter of de-
licate women; but flesh is a substance that he has never
looked at with a view of giving a resemblance to it on his
canvas. The subject of this portrait is one of the bluffest
looking men in New York, but we should never suspect it
from the picture before us. It is carefully and elaborately
painted, but still leaves an impression on the mind of a want
of finish. A picture may be elaborated to the last extreme,
and still appear unfinished—because there will be something
wanted. Mr. Ingham’s portraits are admirably adapted to
the tastes of a certain class, fortunately a large one, who
have the means, and are generally willing to pay liberally
for their gratification. While there is a passion for fine fur-
niture and fine dresses, he will never lack for sitters; and it
is well that there are all kinds of artists, that no tastes may
be left ungratified. His portraits will be invaluable a centu-
ry or two hence to the student in costumery.

PUBLIC DISASTERS.

The public press, and the public voice during the last fort-
night, have been mainly occupied in discussing the particu-
lars of the two great disasters which happened so close toge-
ther :—the wreck of the Swallow, and the fire at Pittsburgh.
The rumors of a Mexican War were flying about all the
while; but though the truth of such rumors would prove
the greatest disaster that the country has experienced in
thirty years, yet they had no power to divert people from the
discussion of a calamity of actual occurrence. Every wonder
must live its nine days, and it is a subject of regret that some
wonders do not live much longer.

There seems to be a general disposition in the public mind
to fix the blame of a disaster like that of the Swallow upon
some particular individual, and we perceive that the Grand
Jury have presented the pilot of that unfortunate boat for
manslaughter. But we do not believe that any body enter-
tains a serious thought that such a charge can be sustained.
It is very possible, in this case of the Swallow, that nobody
is to blame but the community at large. If the boat had
been properly constructed, not a life would have been lost.
But it is the fashion to build steam-boats like birch canoes to
satisfy the public craving for rapid travelling, and it must be
evideut that a boat one-sixteenth of a mile in length and
only thirty feet in breadth, would break in two whenever one
end of her should be suspended out of the water. It is true
that the chances of such a thing happening on the Hudson
river are very few, but those few should have been guarded
against. The boats on the river should either have been dif-
ferently constructed, or the rock upon which the Swallow
struck should have had a beacon placed upon it; and if there
are any other places of similar danger in the river, they
should have beacons placed upon them without delay.—
There may have been very gross carelessness on the part of
the pilot of the Swallow, but there will always be careless-
ness on the part of other pilots; it is quite impossible to
guard against it wholly, and the safer way will be to put it

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

259

out of the power of carelessness or inefficiency to destroy life
and property, by erecting all suitable safeguards before we
expose ourselves to danger. The public demand swift ve-
hicles when they travel: they must, therefore, be content to
pocket such accidents as are consequent upon their rapid
manner of travelling. If one of the old-fashioned slow-going
boats had been in the place of the Swallow, she would have
lain there very comfortably without straining a limb or wet-
ting a passenger. We do not condemn rapid travelling, but
we condemn the disposition of people not to rest content with
the inevitable consequences of their own system.

The great fire in Pittsburgh by which millions of property
have been destroyed, was owing entirely to a miserable idea
of economy, which led the people of that city to construct
their houses in such a manner as to invite a general confla-
gration. A very little extra expense in the construction of
their houses, would have saved them from the terrible cala-
mity which has nearly overwhelmed them. We marvel at
people who build cities in the neighborhood of a volcano,
which may at any moment bury them under a shower of
lava; yet we build our cities of the most inflammable mate-
rials, neglect to provide the proper means for extinguish-
ing a conflagration, and when destruction is upon us stand
aghast for a moment, and then go rapidly to work recon-
structing our houses of the same perishable materials, and
filling them with our most costly goods. A few thousand
dollars would have saved New York in 1835 from the disas-
trous fire from which she has not yet recovered. Such ano-
ther cannot probably ever occur in this city again; we build
our houses of better materials and in a better manner; and
we have greatly increased our means of extinguishing fires
by the introduction of the Croton into our streets, but our
neighbor, Brooklyn, only requires a torch to be applied to
one of her tinder houses during a dry north-wester, to be laid
in ruins in a very few hours. They have whole streets of
slight wooden houses, which could only be saved from burn-
ing by being pulled down, while their supply of water is ex-
ceedingly limited. It is owing more to good luck than good
management that they have not already been reduced to
ashes.

Instead of feeling astonishment at the occurrence of an ex-
tensive conflagration in any of our cities, we should rather be
amazed at the non-occurrence of such an event.

BROADWAY.

Willis calls the Castle Garden “the amputated toe of
Broadway.” When observing the general arrangement of this
our Gotham, I always think of Gulliver when he fell asleep
upon the plains of Lilliput, and the Lilliputians fastened him
to the ground by his hair. Castle Garden suggests Lemuel’s
head; the bridge, his neck; Broadway up to the Park, his
body ; the remainder of Broadway, his left leg; Park Row,
Chatham street, and the Bowery, represent his right leg;
two long slips, that stretch out into the East River and the
Hudson, his arms; the great iron pipes that convey the Cro-
ton and the Gas, his great arteries; the service-pipes, his
smaller blood-vessels; and, by the recent establishment of
Morse's telegraphic wires, the imaginary giant has been fur-
nished with nerves.

Let us stand for a moment, on the battlements of Castle
Garden—in other words, on the giant’s forehead.

What a scene is this! The waters of the Atlantic are at
our feet. Who knows how far these bright blue waves,
have rolled to visit us this morning. See how their tiny
ridges reflect the flying clouds! How gracefully they bear
up these “ white winged ships”—the angels or messengers
of our national Commerce—as they enter this noble bay, not
dealing death and destruction in their path, as in former days,
but freighted with the productions of many a clime, from the
iron of northern Russia to the spices of Ceylon! See the

leafless forest that surrounds our wharves as if it grew out
of the water, its culminating points piercing the sky like the
spears of an army of Titans. You can hear, at this distance,
the clicking cogs of a hundred windlasses, loading and un-
loading a hundred ships. Hundreds have recently arrived:
—hundreds are about to set sail. Owners, captains, consign-
ers, provision-merchants, passengers and crews are moving
busily around these masts. Only a low dull murmur reaches
us here, from their many thousand tongues, and their foot-
steps on the sounding decks. But most prominent, perhaps,
among the objects that attract attention, are the little steam-
ers that ply hither and thither, snorting and choking as they
paddle along, and giving noisy animation to the scene.
Steamers of a much larger class, fitted for navigating the
Sound, and belonging to the Norwich and Stonington lines,
lie alongside the pier to our right. Around the landing-place,
the crowd of cabmen is dense. The old “Massachusetts”
has just arrived. She is letting off her steam; and the loud,
continuous roar, mingling with the shouts of cabmen, police-
men, and jackalls from the Hotels, sounds as though King
Acohis and his subject Eurus were quarrelling at the mouth
of the storm-cave, while Notus and his other brethren, mem-
bers of the tempestuous cabinet, complete the hoarse quin-
tette by exerting their highly effective windpipes. One
glance more at Staten Island, Governor’s Island, and the
other two, Bedlow and Gibbet, South Brooklyn and the Jer-
sey shore—landscape and waterscape together. We must
be gone. Somebody will be complaining pettishly that all
this is irrelevant, and that not one word has been said about
Broadway.

Let us now walk along the giant’s neck to his collar-bone
—the farther limit of the Battery-green. His neck, indeed,
might at first sight appear to be wry : but the truth is, the
huge ante-diluvian is merely bending his head, listening to
the music of the sea.

THE BOWLING GREEN.

The enclosure before us is a strong effort at “ rus in urbe.”
Although the effort is in some respects a failure, vet it can-
not be denied that the spot is forcibly suggestive of the olden
time, when our “ forbears” indulged in the sports of merry
England and phlegmatic Deutschland. The effect of the
ledge of rocks and its Croton cascade is decidedly bad. The
sun has never shone before on such a ledge of rocks as that
in the Bowling-Green. If it were possible successfully to
ridicule the true, this work of art might be pronounced a
burlesque on nature. The beautiful roebuck and it smate
gaze upon the phenomenon in undisguised amazement; and,
if the same privilege were extended to them, as a less come-
ly quadruped enjoyed more than three thousand years ago,
they would doubtless say that they had never seen the like
in their native wilds. However, we will not grumble. The
water is clear and bright, and the grass is green ; and these
graceful creatures,—now habituated to their narrow limits,
and their little Gothic hut of arching bows—seem, if we may
judge by their playfulness, to have quite forgotten their for-
est-home. The Bowling-Green must be a little paradise to
those who dwell around it;—refreshing to the eye when
Broadway is swept by clouds of summer dust, and grateful

to the nostrils in dog-days.

Let us walk up, on the sunny side of this great thorough-
fare, as far as

THE PARK.

The English and the French have not yet decided whether
London or Paris is the head-quarters of European civilization.
There can be no doubt with regard to the head-quarters of
civilization in America. To this distinction New-York has
an undisputed claim; and the Park is the centre of New-
York. In that highly-respectable-looking building, the City
Hall, Law, on which all civilization is founded, rears its aw-
ful head, unwigged. In Canton and Calcutta—in Mexico
and Guatimala, people talk of "the Park." Everybody who

comes to New-York, makes the Park the nucleus around
which all his ideas of Gothamian localities arrange them-
selves. There! the fire-bell tolls! It is a solemn, porten-
tous sound! Already the engines are rattling along the
rough street One would think the firemen must stand on
the qui vive from morning to night, and from night to morn-
ing, with their engines on the pavement, and the ropes in
their hands, ready to start at the first note of alarm, and ar-
ray the elements each other—water against fire. See

260

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

how the school-boys fly across the gravelled walks, leaving
their cricket-bats and balls, to find out where the blaze is!
Red-flannel shirts, and glazed hats—mitre-crowned, quaker-
brimmed—lead the way. Hurrah ! it is a glorious time for
these young fellows ! Their hot blood beats high in their
pulses. The reaction, after this excitement, will cool the
fever in their veins ; and, if the fever did not waste itself
on a few such things as these, the community might feel its
effects in some less venial encroachments upon the public
peace.

That fountain !—we must not forget to speak of the foun-
tain, now shaped like a fan, then like an umbrella—now
dancing in mid-air, then falling in silver spray into the basin
below. Of how many beautiful things it is an emblem!
How suggestive of pure thoughts—of holy aspirations ! It is
the “genius loci”—the good genius of the place. Who knows
the extent of its humanizing influences upon the tens of thou-
sands who gaze upon it as they pass? We living things,
called men,—we insulated spirits, bottled up in matter, and
floating down the resistless stream—are wondrously affected
by externals. The physical and the intellectual—the visible
and the invisible—the tangible and the immaterial, are full of
analogies, coincidences, and harmonies. But, as this article
is intended to be read, it will be expedient so eschew meta-
physics.

Here are thirty coaches in a line, and thirty coachmen
looking out for fares—most of them whistling, as sailors do,
when they want to raise the wind. I often wonder whether
it is possible that the majority of these loafers can earn
enough in a day to buy grease for their axles. It is almost
an event to see one of them getting a job ; and yet here they
stand, winter and summer, in storm and sunshine, mending
their whips and quarrelling about the next nomination to the
presidency. The motto of the Epicurean is “a short life and
a merry one the motto of these hackmen is—a long life
and a lazy one.

THE SHOPS.

Trusting that these facts and reflections have produced a
deep impression upon the mind of the susceptible reader, we
shall, with his permission, continue our ambulatory progress
toward “ Japonica-dom.”

The merchants have already began to set up their awn-
ings, for the rays of the noonday sun are even now sufficient-
ly powerful to spoil the dyes of the beautiful fabrics that
tempt us from every window. Many of these stores are
really splendid ; and their arrangements indicate a cultiva-
ted taste on the part of the designers. There are three or
four establishments in Broadway, unsurpassed in London or
Paris; and many of their fair patronesses are unrivalled in
Cork or Circassia. If the reader is a lady, it is requested
tha.. she will consider herself especially alluded to in this last
expression of opinion. Here it may be proper, before pro-
ceeding farther, to whistle in a low tone “ The Groves of
Blarney.”

THE PASSING CROWD.

During a walk of ten minutes, to meet five or six thousand
people, each moving along with a separate purpose, is cal-
culated to awake reflection in the dullest. A few years ago,
all these men and women were little children, amusing
themselves with tops and skipping ropes, and going to
school: a few years hence, they will all know how much of
our current theology is based upon eternal truth—how much
upon the false and flimsy theories of men: for they will be
among those unseen realities, on which we too often descant
so thoughtlessly and speculate so absurdly. This is an idea
with which all are familiar; but its vast bearings are mea-
sured only by a few.

Omnibuses—omnibuses—omnibuses! what a convenience!
what a nuisance! Go back for a moment to the time of
Abraham, and the patriarchal institutions on which all soci-
ety is based. Think of dwelling in tents, and believing in
astrology, and riding on camels. Then think of a crowd of
people rushing down Broadway in four-wheeled boxes, drawn
by the degenerate representatives of Arabian coursers. The
effect of contrast in time, place, and circumstance is amusing,
you will admit. Abraham flourished in the nineteenth cen-
tury before the Christian era,—we, in the nineteenth century
after it. What stirring dramas have been enacted during the
long interval! Nineteen centuries more, and antiquaries
will perhaps be rambling with their note books among the
scarce distinguishable ruins of this great city, and inquiring

i

of the herdsmen, who shall feed their flocks between Harlem
and the Battery, concerning the whereabouts of the ancient
Broadway ! Mutandum est omnibus—the omnibuses must
pass away !	I. M.

TO F-------.

Beloved ! amid the earnest woes
That crowd around my earthly path—

(Drear path, alas ! where grows
Not even one lonely rose)—

My soul at least a solace hath
In dreams of thee, and therein knows
An Eden of bland repose.

And thus thy memory is to me
Like some enchanted far-off isle
In some tumultuous sea—

Some ocean throbbing far and free
With storms—but where meanwhile
Serenest skies continually
Just o’er that one bright island smile. 	E

LAW AND WALTZING.

Translated from the French.

It was but the other day that I chanced to be crossing the
gloomy vestibule of the Palais de Justice, called with much
reason the Hall des Pas Perdus. The door leading to the
different court rooms, opened on a large platform, chequered
with grey and black stones. It was the hour of opening the
courts, and several hundred persons were passing to and fro;
the scraping of their feet, mingling with the dull sound of
voices, echoed from the wall of the vaulted building.

The advocates a robe neuve carried under their arms enor-
mous bundles of papers. On the other hand, the members of
the bar who were shabbily dressed, burdened themselves
with nothing, except perhaps a small roll, which brought to
mind the baton of the marshals of France. Some of these car-
ried the luxury of carelessness in attire to a singular excess. I
observed particularly, one gown with sad rents in the back,
and sleeves fringed with tatters ; the lining presented a curi-
ous sample of all the shades, aided by grease, dust, and long
wearing, to an original ground of black. I hastened to see
who wore a garment so nearly in rags, and was surprised to
recognise one of our best and most celebrated lawyers. I
complimented him gravely on his costume.

“ I should hardly have known the most famous of our ad-
vocates,” said I, “but I comprehend : the degree of rustiness
of costume designates the degree of celebrity ; the holes in
your toga serve, in your order, for epaulettes and marks of
distinction. The common soldiers have new robes—the ge-
nerals old and torn ones..”

He smiled and replied, “This is the first and only gown I
have ever worn. I should not feel at ease in a new one; and
would not plead without this old friend upon my shoulders.
Indeed, it troubles me, I assure you, to be even under the
necessity of having it patched."

“ I can easily believe that,” said I, casting an eye over
the tattered covering.

“ And what are you doing here ?" asked he, “ you cannot
be engaged in a suit, or I should be the first to be informed,
—eh !”

“Certainly,” I replied, “ chance alone brings me into the
Hall des Pas-Perdus. I confess to you I have a horror of law
suits : the very sight of a brief makes me shudder.”

“ You are wrong. The annals of law contain more of the
dramatic—more of the romantic and thrilling, than the most
fertile imagination could supply. Every one of its pages is a
history of intense interest. Open at hazard, read the first
lines, and you find what will move you to mirth, melt you to
tears, or cause you to grow pale with terror.”

While speaking, the lawyer introduced the tip of his fin-
ger, at hazard, between two leaves of a volume he held, and

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

261

opened it. “Just as I said!” cried he, “ Look here ; chapter
3d, paragraph 138,—here we are in the midst of deep trage-
dy. I have ten minutes yet, before my cause comes on; so I
will tell you a story which the sight of this article brings to
mind.”

“ In 1812, a young man, son of a colonel, who was killed
in battle, lived with his mother in the fifth story of a house,
in the rue Coquenard. Being the widow’s only son, he was
exempted from military service, much to his regret, for Gus-
tave Remicourt, like others at that time, had dreamed of bat-
tles, and the rewards of victory; the epaulettes of a general,
or a cross from the emperor’s own hands. His mother, whose
only means of support was a small pension allowed her as
the widow of an officer, old and infirm, and dependent on her
son’s daily cares, always wept when he talked of going to
the wars. He therefore stifled his regrets in his own breast,
and applied himself to his duties with affectionate zeal, per-
forming every day the monotonous services of a clerk to the
minister of finance. He never quitted his mother, except for
the bureau, and returned as soon as he was at liberty.

“ At the time of the Russian campaign Madame Remicourt
could no longer get her pension paid ; and a hundred francs
a month, the salary of Gustave, was hardly sufficient for their
maintenance in the most humble manner! The poor invalid
tried to assist her son; but the effort only increased her ma-
lady to such a degree, that it was soon dangerous to leave
her alone. Gustave was reduced to the alternative of giving
up his clerkship, or of hiring a nurse.

“The porters know all that passes in any part of their
houses. In spite of the care taken by Madame Remicourt
and her son to conceal their hapless condition, it was known
to all their neighbors. These had looked upon her as their
superior in rank and education, and had always observed to-
wards her a guarded respect, not only due to the rank of her
late husband, but imposed by her well dignified manner.
The knowledge that she needed assistance, encouraged these
good people to offer their services ; and two or three of the
females at length established themselves as regular nurses.

“ Among these obliging but officious friends, was a young
Italian, the widow of a Piedmontese captain, who had per-
ished like Colonel Remicourt, in the service of France. Ma-
dame Giuseppa Vicento was beautiful, and possessed a de-
gree of talent and quickness of perception, which often sup-
plies to a certain extent, the defects of education. She was a
Neapolitan, and did not hesitate to acknowledge that her
husband had chosen her from the lowest rank of the people.
Her singular and noble style of beauty, and the grace of her
carriage, fully justified the captain’s love. She was extreme-
ly attentive to Madame Remicourt, who, on her part, con-
ceived for her a sentimeat of real friendship. The young
Italian became her privileged nurse. While Gustave was
absent at the bureau, she remained with his mother, and
wailed upon her with almost filial solicitude. She knew
how to divert the sufferer from melancholy thoughts, and to
cheer her with the hope of belter days: while listening to
her sweet and animating voice, Gustave felt no longer sad
or discouraged. Every morning he left her with regret; at
evening he hastened to return, and always found her by his
mother's side.

“The space is not wide between gratitude and love, in
the heart of a young man of twenty; Gustave was soon des-
perately enamored of the fair Italian, nor could he at all
times conceal his passion. But the calm demeanor of Giu-
seppa, the veneration with which she inspired him, and the
timidity that always attends first love, prevented its avowal.
Meantime Giuseppa seemed to read his thoughts; for her
reserve towards him increased, and she more frequently
mentioned the name of her late husband.

“ This conduct, by depriving him of hope, but rendered
more violent his passion. A smile from her sufficed to throw
him in raptures: and when she was colder than usual, he
would relapse into the deepest gloom. The signora seemed
unconscious of her power over Gustave: and whenever Ma-
dame Remicourt, uneasy on her son’s account, alluded to it,
she would turn the conversation with admirable address.

“ The condition of the invalid suddenly became alarming.

The physician who visited her did not conceal his apprehen-
sions from Giuseppa. and one morning, urged by Gustave s
questions, she informed him that his mothers end was near.
Struck by the dreadful intelligence, the young man sunk into
a chair, rigid and insensible. His mother saw him and was
terrified; she sprang from her bed, and called his name with 

her dying voice : Gustave recalled to sense by the sound,
hastened to support her in his arms; she sank upon his
breast, and breathed her last sigh.

“The bereaved son was seized with convulsions; the
neighbors were obliged to tear him from his mother’s corpse,
and remove him to a neighboring room. For many days he
lay between life and death, prostrated by a brain fever. On
the fifteenth day reason returned ; the first name he uttered
was his mother’s; the first person he recognised was Giu-
seppa; she had watched by him during the severest parox-
ysms of his illness. She had taken on herself the duty of at-
tending to the burial of his mother, and had even sold some
jewels of her own to defray the expenses of the funeral.

“ ‘ He could only bathe the hand of Giuseppa with tears,
and cover it with passionate kisses. She did not withdraw
the hand; neither did she change the conduct she had adopt-
ed towards him. As his health was gradually re-established,
she saw him less and less frequently. Gustave earnestly
longed to ask the reason of this reserve, but he was not yet
quite prepared to make an avowal of his love.

“At last he was well enough to return to his duties at the
bureau. One evening, a day having passed without seeing
Giuseppa, he summoned courage to go to her lodgings, and
ask her to accompany him to Ins mother’s grave. The sig-
nora, without hesitation, wrapped herself in a shawl and took
his arm.

“When they came to the cemetery, and the bereaved
youth had read the name of his mother, carved on a wooden
cross, he fell on his knees, and relieved the oppression of his
heart by a hurst of tears. He then rose, and offering his hand
to the Italian, said:

“ I am now alone in the world; alone! for you love me
not, madame!’

“ She raised her hand, and looked at him fixedly, but did
not reply.

“Why did you not suffer me to die?' he asked. ‘What
would you have me do with the wretched life you have pre-
served ?’

“She smiled pensively, and said—‘A few months of ab-
sence will cure you of this : it is more in your head than in
your heart. The loneliness of your condition since your mo-
ther’s death, has caused you to feel the need of attaching your-
self to some one, and I chanced to be the first—the only per-
son who was near you.’

“ Oh spare me ! do not rend my heart!’ cried he in a voice
of despair.

“Listen to me,’she resumed. ‘Love, with us Italians,
is not a feeble, fleeting sentiment, content with little. He
that I love, shall be the idol of my life; for him I would joy-
fully sacrifice existence—happiness—conscience, itself! Thus
will I love; thus would I be loved.’

“And do I not love you thus?’

“You believe so—but I repeat, you love me not. I will
prove you, Monsieur Gustave. I am very poor; to pay the
last duties to your mother, I sold the jewels which were my
last resource. If it were necessary—to save me from misery,
from hunger—to commit a crime, could you ? You tremble,
you grow pale! Reassure yourself: I was only jesting. You
see plainly that your love is all a delusion.’

“ Giuseppa then began to walk homeward, without taking
Gustave’s arm. He remained standing, with his head droop-
ed upon his breast.

“For two days, he avoided the Italian ; at the end of that
time, he entered her apartment. She was sitting before a
table, embroidering, without her shawl, though the weather
was cold, and with but little fire on the hearth.

“Gustave laid on the table a banknote worth five hundred
francs. ‘ I have anticipated part of my year’s salary,’ said
he with sorrowful pride.

“ 'It is well,’ answered she quietly; ‘I can buy another
shawl. I sold mine this morning for bread.’ She regarded
him at the same time with an expressive look, as much as to
say—‘ As I sold my jewels to bury your mother.’

“'You are right—Alas!’ cried he; ‘I have hardly yet ful-
filled a mere duty. How will you prove my gratitude and
love?'

“ She smiled disdainfully, without raising her head, and an-
swered, ‘ were I in your place, I should have no need to ask.’

" ‘ Giuseppa!’

" ' I was never loved but once. He who loved me was poor;
but bavin" seen me he won for me rank, opulence, and hap-
piness ; he counted nothing; stopped at nothing; so I was

262

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

proud to bear his name—and adore him as a deity.’

“ ' But you repel my love; you plunge me into despair.
Consent to become my wife ; I feel that I shall then toil with
an ardor that must ensure success.’

“ ' Oh yes!’ interrupted she, ironically, ' during the week,
I should be the servant of your humble lodgings ; on Sunday
I should, perhaps, have the recreation of a walk ; my ideal
of the future would be the hope of your obtaining one day,
perchance, the situation of head-clerk !'

" ' But in mercy, Giuseppa, tell me what I must do ?’

“ ' Act, and do not talk about it. Vicento would have found
out.’ ”

Here my friend the advocate was silent a few moments.

“ Six months after,” resumed he, “ I was invited to a ball
at the house of the Signora Giuseppa. She lived in a rich
hotel in the Rue de l’Universite, and all Paris talked of the
splendor of her entertainments. I could not help observing,
that evening, the extreme paleness and agitation of M. Remi-
court. He was continually falling into gloomy reveries, from
which he would start suddenly, glancing about him with a
look of terror. At other times he would gaze fixedly at per-
sons in company, yet seem unconscious of their presence.

" The queen of the festivities was the beautiful Italian.
Dressed superbly, and blazing with jewels, she yielded her-
self with girlish delight to the pleasure of the dance. Some-
times, in passing Gustave, she would throw on him a smiling
glance, and then his whole face would light up with joy ; but
when she was gone, he relapsed into gloom. This singular
conduct was easily explained ; it was generally understood
that he was an unsuccessful wooer of the lovely widow. This
I learned from the observations of persons near me.

“ After that, I lost sight for a year, of M. de Remicourt and
Giuseppa. I had just made my debut at the bar, with con-
siderable success. My professional engagements condemned
me to incessant labor, and left me no leisure to mingle in fash-
ionable gaieties. One morning I received a note; a woman
begged me to stop at the Conciergerie, where she was im-
prisoned. This woman was Giuseppa.”

At this moment an attorney came out of the first chamber,
and hastening towards us, informed my companion that his
cause had come on.

“ Hang the cause,” cried I “ I want the rest of your story.”
“ You shall have it some other time,” said my friend, and
adjusting his tattered gown, he entered the court room. I
followed and listened with great interest to his admirable
pleading.

At eight the court adjourned. The advocate then took me
by the arm, and went out, continuing the story as if he had
not been interrupted.

“ I found Giuseppa in prison, but dressed with the taste
which had always characterised her. She smiled, reached
me her hand, invited me to sit down, and did the honors of
her cell with as much grace as I had seen her do the honors
of her salon.

“I took a seat, and waited for the fair Italian to explain
the cause of her arrest, and her motive in sending for me.

“At length she said—‘ Monsieur, though yet young, you
have a high reputation among the members of the bar in
Paris. I think, also, I have had the pleasure of meeting you
sometimes in society, and even of receiving you at my house.
For these reasons I have recourse to you in the embarrass-
ment caused by my sudden arrest. May I count upon your
assistance ?’

“All this was said with an ease, calmness, and even a
levity, that showed not the least disquiet of mind.

“ I bowed my head in sign of assent.

" ‘ How do the laws of France,’ she continued, ' punish the
crime of counterfeiting bank-notes?’

“ I showed her a paper containing the words—‘ the pun-
ishment of forgery shall be death.'

: ' But,’ cried she with a smile, ‘ here is another clause a
little below. ‘ The law rewards the informer.’

“ I read her the following paragraph:—' Art. 148. Persons
guilty of the crimes mentioned in articles 132 and 133, shall
be exempted from punishment, provided, before prosecution,
they give information of the crimes, and discover the chief
criminals to the proper authorities; or if, even after the
commencement of a prosecution against them, they furnish
such information as shall procure the arrest of other guilty
persons.’

“With a slight but graceful gesture, she twined her slen-
der fingers in her beautiful dark hair. ' Ah!’ she exclaimed,

' the law pardons the informer! Thanks—and adieu, Mon-
sieur l’avocat.’

“ The same evening, the friend who had accompanied me
to Giuseppa’s ball, informed me that Gustave Remicourt had
been arrested, upon what charge no one could divine. Alas!
I divined but too well! the next day, with my friend, I vis-
ited the young man in prison. He appeared calm, though
not altogether unconcerned. ' My arrest,’ said he, " is caused
by some mistake. There does not exist the least proof
against me.’

" ' Monsieur,’ I asked, ' do you know the articles in the
code relative to the crime of forgery ?’

" ' No, monsieur,’ he replied.

“ The law exempts from all punishment, those who inform
against their accomplices.’

" ‘If I had accomplices,’ answered he coolly, 'I would suf-
fer death a thousand times, rather than betray them.’

" ' But think you, others would observe the like generosity
towards you ?’

" ' You know my secret, monsieur,’ he murmured with a
broken voice.

" ' Are you not the victim of an accusation ?’

" ' Giuseppa!—of hers !—oh no ! I would not believe her
capable of such baseness ! Oh no ! chance has put justice on
the traces of my crime.’

" ' Why had you not recourse to flight, when you heard of
her arrest ? You had time to save yourself.’

" ' Because I wished to save her. This very night the guards
of the Conciergerie, gained over by gold, had promised to loos-
en the bars of Giuseppa’s window, and aid her escape. I
should then have carried her to England. Ah ! I regret the
loss of liberty and life only for her sake ! But I will yet save
her, monsieur ! Before my judges I will assume myself the
whole of the guilt of the crime charged against her. Poor
Giuseppa !’

" After his arrest Gustave saw the Italian but once ; and
that was when the judge who committed him caused them
to be brought together in his presence. Prudence, and his
resolution to save Giuseppa, enabled him to restrain his emo-
tions.

" When, on the trial, he saw her come into court, he could
not conceal his agitation ; but uttering a faint cry, stretched
out his hands towards her. She passed close by him, her
eyes fixed on the ground; and took her place, not with the
accused, but among the witnesses. Gustave looked at her,
and sank back on his seat. The judges entered at that mo-
ment, and the court was opened.

" The first witness called was Giuseppa. She confessed
her part in the crime charged against Remicourt, and fur-
nished the most incontrovertible details respecting the issue
of the false bills. Frequently the murmurs of the specta-
tors interrupted without in the least discomposing her. Gus-
tave listened in silence, and when the president interrogated
him, only replied, ' All that madame has said is true.’

“ The depositions being taken, and the procureur-general
having spoken, I rose in my turn. I endeavored to show-
that there were extenuating circumstances to be taken into
view on behalf of my unfortunate client, who had evidently
been enticed into crime by the woman who had betrayed him.
But he interrupted my pleading.

" ' My guilt is proved,’ he said with firmness; 'I have
confessed it; let my sentence be pronounced.’

" The prisoner was condemned to death, but the verdict
being accompanied by a recommendation to mercy, his pun-
ishment was commuted to imprisonment for life.

" The next day I visited Remicourt, in company with a
friend, who gave him a bible, under the cover of which was
concealed a poison.

" ' I thank you,’ said Gustave, ‘but I will not avail myself
of this means of escape from infamy. I have yet a duty to
fulfil before leaving this world.’

“I offered to appeal from the judgment, and procure a new
trial, but he obstinately refused his consent. Eight days
after he departed for the galleys, wearing the dress and load-
ed with the chains of the galley-slaves. Giuseppa was set
at liberty the day after the trial. She immediately sent to
the prison of Remicourt, means to facilitate his escape ; but
he refused to use them.

" You remember the exciting political events from 1812, to
1816 ?—the invasion of France, the taking of Paris, the resto-
ration, the return from Elba, the hundred days, Waterloo,
and finally the second return of the Bourbons. In the tu-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

263

mult of these stupendous events, Gustave and Giuseppa pas-
sed from my recollection.

“One evening at the carnival, in 1817, fatigued with a
week of unusual labor, I went in search of recreation and di-
version, to a ball at Frascati’s, resolving to play the idler for
at least a few hours. The crowd became so compact and so
disorderly, that I was forced against the wall of one of the
salons, and nearly crushed to death, when a mask came to
my relief, and with powerful efforts forcing a way through
the living mass, carried me into a room where, thanks to his
attentions, I soon recovered recollection and breath. I ex-
pressed my gratitude for this timely assistance, and begged
my preserver to tell me his name, or let me see his face ;
but he answered only by an imperative gesture enjoining si-
lence, and leaving the cabinet, disappeared in the crowd. I
had only time to notice the whiteness of his hands, and a
large diamond ring on his finger.

“It would have been prudent to have quitted the hall at
once, and returned home; but I continued to enjoy with a
sort of childish pleasure, the gaiety of a scene that had so
nearly proved fatal to me.

“ Ere long I noticed a lady magnificently wearing on her
head a coronet of diamonds. The splendor of her dress was
lost in her beauty, which was heightened by an air of noble-
ness and majesty, that commanded universal attention. It
was Giuseppa ! She cast her eyes upon me, but the indiffer-
ence of her look caused me to think she had not recognised
me.

“ As for me, the sight of her inspired me with such unea-
siness and horror, that I quilted the hall, and went to the
rooms where gaming parlies were at play. The sight of
gold, the emotions of the players, and the various fortunes
of the game, filled me with a kind of intoxication ; I could
not resist the temptation of joining them. I lost; but losing
at cards only urges to the trial of new chances; I continued
to play, anxious and breathless, as fortune continued unfavor-
able to me, when I felt a hand laid on my shoulder. I turn-
ed quickly, ashamed of having been surprised at a gaming
table by one of my friends, and saw the black domino that
had rescued me in the early part of the evening.

“ ‘ You owe me your life, monsieur,’ said he, ' I will now
render you another service equally great; play no more ! It
is not in the violent and vulgar emotions excited at cards
that you should spend your mental activity. Reserve all
your energies for success at the bar, and leave gaming to
unfortunate wretches reduced by fate to this refuge from
thought.’

“ While I regarded him with surprise, he put into my
hands the bank-note that I had just laid on the table, and
taking from his pocket a handful of gold threw it down at
hazard before the roulette. He gained ; in ten minutes I had
recovered my losses, and the black domino had acquired a
considerable sum.

“I retired, but remained standing among the crowd, cu-
rious to see more of the person who had rendered me such
services. His figure was concealed in the large folds of a do-
mino of black satin, his face bidden by a mask of the same
hue. closed tightly ; his beard flowed down upon his breast.
He seemed at once to defy and govern chance; for during
several hours, he was invariably a winner. By degree the
rumor of his singular fortune spread to the ball room, and
numbers came out to see 'he man who seemed thus possess-
ed of magical powers. He showed no emotion at finding
himself the object of general curiosity. Suddenly, however,
he was seized with a violent convulsive trembling; I rushed
to his side, and supported him ; he would else have fallen to

the ground.

‘ Take me away—for pity !’ murmured he. faintly. I forc-
ed my way out of the room, dragging him along, and leaving

large sums of his money on the table.

“In a few minutes he recovered his composure. He rose
quickly, disengaged himself from my arm, and laughed bit-
terly, and as I thought, convulsively. ‘Ah!' he exclaimed,

'at last the hour has struck—the hour!’

' You assisted me: I thank you, and have yet a request to
make. Take these bills which I have just won, and restore
them only to me, or to the person who will give you the
name engraved in the inside of this watch, which I also de-

posite in your hands.’

" He gave me his pocket-book, placed his watch in my

hand, and hastened back to the card table. His luck had
not abandoned him, even during his absence. Everybody

looked at him in astonishment, and almost with superstitious
fear. While gathering up the money he had gained, he
cast his eyes around, and fixed them on Giuseppa, who had
come with others to see the wonderful player.

‘Will you play, Madame?’ he asked.

“ She smiled, and put into the hands of a gentleman who
was with her a purse of gold, which he staked. Fortune
ceased to be favorable to the masked player. He lost all he
had won since he returned to the table.

‘I have brought you ill luck,’said Giuseppa.

‘Ah!’ replied he with a gesture of indifference, ‘ I cannot
have two pleasures at once, and I prefer that of looking at
you to the insipid one of winning gold.’

“ She gave a slight toss of her head. ‘ But’ added the
mask, ‘fortune will befriend me again, if I wish it.’

“ He threw his last bank note on the table. The boast
was verified ; he was once more a winner.

‘You are a magician!’ cried Giuseppa: the mask was
looking fixedly at her.

‘If you please,’ said he, ‘I will show you my secret for
commanding fortune.’

“ She hesitated a few moments before quitting the arm of
her escort, but at last made a step towards the unknown.
He was at her side in an instant, and threw the gold in his
hands among the crowd surrounding the table. This of
course caused a scuffle and confusion, in the midst of which
the black mask seized the arm of the Italian, and drew her
towards the ball room. I followed unobserved, but so close
behind them that I could not help hearing what they said.
The language of the mask was that of a man passionately
enamored.

‘I have long loved you’—faltered he; ‘ long watched your
movements, long followed your steps. My heart, hand, for-
tune, are devoted to you. A voice that never decieves, tells
me that we have been affianced for years. Yousee, I can
dispose of fate as I choose !’

‘ Ha!’ she cried with some appearance of agitation—
‘ would you have me regard as serious the pleasantries of a
masked ball ?’

‘ My words are serious: I repeat it, we are affianced;
nothing shall separate us in future.’

“ At this moment, the musicians began to play a waltz;
the mask encircled with his arm the waist of the Italian,
and drew her among the dancers. The circle was but small,
so that every few moments, in the measure, Giuseppa and
her partner were brought close to me, and I heard much of
what they said. With a kind of strange intuition, I compre-
hended the sense of these interrupted words, heard as it
were by stealth, amidst the noise of the crowd,, the tumultu-
ous clamor of voices, and the music of the orchestra.

'Ah—you do not know me?’ said the mask. ‘But I

know you well; I know the smallest details of your whole
life; I will tell them if you choose.—Dance Giuseppa, I
should say—Madame Vicento!’

“ Giuseppa started, and placed her hand on her breast.
‘I feel a prick in my side,’ she exclaimed ; ‘a pin is hurting

me.'

“ They passed ; I heard no more till both were brought

round again.

‘It is nothing. What is the prick of a pin, in the bewilder-
ment of the waltz, at the moment when your destiny is about

to be accomplished ?	,

“ The music played more briskly ; the dancers moved more
rapidly. As they passed again, I heard the mask say—
‘What have you done with the young man who loved you
so much—with Gustave ’

'Heavens ! the pin hurts me severely ! Stop—let us stop

—for mercy’s sake!’	

“ But he bore her on, more impetuously than ever.

‘He loved you passionately—with so much faith—so
much devotion! What have you done with him ?’

'This pricking—oh ! what pain! what pain !'

“Again they passed,—I sought them eagerly: but had
hardly caught a glimpse of them, than a bound brought them
near me. I heard the wild voice of the mask !

'You enticed him into crime—into infamy! In exchange
for his love, you gave him—the galleys!

   'For mercy's sake, Monsieur! I am dying with pain!
The pricking is more severe than ever!'

'To save yourself'—cried he, 'you, who devised the crime
—you, who reaped its sole fruits—betrayed and sold him!
You abandoned him to death, without compassion.'

264

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

'Heap your reproaches upon me ; I merit them. But for
pity’s sake, monsieur, let me rest. This frightful pain—I
can support it no longer.’

“ He grasped her as a tiger would seize his prey.

‘Waltz on—you shall not stop !’ he cried. They whirled
again round the circle.

'	I will cry for help—help ! Oh ! my heart! the pain is
in my heart!’

“I felt the locks of Giuseppa brush against my cheek.
The mask laughed scornfully.

'Cry out! the music will drown your voice.’

‘Help! help!’ cried she, struggling.

“ During this strange scene I stood motionless and appalled.
I could hear the voice of her tormentor more terrible than
ever.

‘ Cry out again, and you die instantly ! This pricking is
from the point of my stiletto; it has slowly pierced your
breast.’

‘ Help me!’

“ I rushed towards them. The ma,sk cried in her ear, ‘ It
is the hand of Gustave that holds the steel.’

‘ Great heaven ! aid me !—aid !’

‘ Hold ! would you perish ? Before any one comes to help
you I will plunge it in your heart!’

'In spite of my efforts, I could not keep up with them. I
heard no more, but in every turn of the waltz I saw the face
of Giuseppa—her eyes fixed with horror—her cheek growing
paler and paler ; her livid lips striving to articulate. At last
some crimson drops fell on her gauze dress. The inexorable
mask clasped his victim more closely in his arms. The cre-
scendo of the musicians announced that the waltz was at an
end; when a cry of mortal anguish startled every one pre-
sent. I rushed to the spot. Giuseppa had sunk to the ground;
a fine stiletto had pierced her heart.

“Search was instantly made for the murderer; the gates
were closed, and no one permitted to go forth till alter a
strict examination. But it was unsuccessful; all that could
be found was a black domino, spotted with blood, and thrown
in a corner of the vestibule.

“I never heard afterwards of Remicourt; and placed the
money he had left with me in the funds of one of the hospi-
tals of Paris. No one has ever come to claim the watch, or
mentioned the name engraved within it. Here it is”—said
he, showing it to me.

“ Ha ! I had no idea it was so late. Dupin and Oremieux
are waiting to consult with me. Adieu.” e. f. ellet.

THE OVAL PORTRAIT.

The chateau into which my valet had ventured to make
forcible entrance, rather than permit me, in my desperately
wounded condition, to pass a night in the open air, was one
of those piles of commingled gloom and grandeur which
have so long frowned among the Appenines, not less in fact
than in the fancy of Mrs. Radcliffe. To all appearance it
had been temporarily and very lately abandoned. We estab-
lished ourselves in one of the smallest and least sumptuous-
ly furnished apartments. It lay in a remote turret of the
building. Its decorations were rich, yet tattered and antique.
Its walls were hung with tapestry and bedecked with mani-
fold and multiform armorial trophies, together with an unu-
sually great number of very spirited modern paintings in
frames of rich golden arabesque. In these paintings, which
depended from the walls not only in their main surfaces, but
in very many nooks which the bizarre architecture of the
chateau rendered necessary—in these paintings my incipient
delirium, perhaps, had caused me to take deep interest; so
that I bade Pedro to close the heavy shutters of the room—
since it was already night—to light the longues of a tall
candelabrum which stood by the head of my bed—and to
throw open far and wide the fringed curtains of black velvet
which enveloped the bed itself. I wished all this done that
I might resign myself, if not to sleep, at least alternately to
the contemplation of these pictures, and the perusal of a
small volume which had been found upon the pillow, and
which purported to criticise and describe them.

Long—long I read—and devoutly, devotedly I gazed.
Rapidly and gloriously the hours flew by, and the deep mid-
night came. The position of the candelabrum displeased
me, and outreaching my hand with difficulty, rather than
disturb my slumbering valet, I placed it so as to throw its
rays more fully upon the book.

But the action produced an effect altogether unanticipated.
The rays of the numerous candles (for there were many)
now fell within a niche of the room which had hitherto
been thrown into deep shade by one of the bed-posts.	I

thus saw in vivid light a picture all unnoticed before. It
was the portrait of a young girl just ripening into woman-
hood. I glanced at the painting hurriedly, and then closed
my eyes. Why I did this was not at first apparent even to
my own perception. But while my lids remained thus shut,
I ran over in mind my reason for so shutting them. It was
an impulsive movement to gain time for thought—to make
sure that my vision had not deceived me—to calm and sub-
due my fancy for a more sober and more certain gaze. In a
very few moments I again looked fixedly at the painting.

That I now saw aright I could not and would not doubt;
for the first flashing of the candles upon that canvas had
seemed to dissipate the dreamy stupor which was stealing
over my senses, and to startle me at once into waking life.

The portrait, I have already said, was that of a young
girl. It was a mere head and shoulders, done in what is
technically termed a vignette manner; much in the style of
the favorite heads of Sully. The arms, the bosom and even
the ends of the radiant hair, melted imperceptibly into the
vague yet deep shadow which formed the back-ground of
the whole. The frame was oval, richly gilded and filagreed
in Moresque. As a thing of art nothing could be more ad-
mirable than the painting itself. But it could have been
neither the execution of the work, nor the immortal beauty
of the countenance, which bad so suddenly and so vehement-
ly moved me. Least of all, could it have been that my fan-
cy, shaken from its half slumber, had mistaken the head for
that of a living person. I saw at once that the peculiarities
of the design, of the vignetting, and of the frame, must have
instantly dispelled such idea—must have prevented even its
momentary entertainment. Thinking earnestly upon these
points, I remained, for an hour perhaps, half sitting, half re-
clining, with my vision riveted upon the portrait. At length,
satisfied with the true secret of its effect, I fell back with-
in the bed. I had found the spell of the picture in an absolute
life-likeliness of expression, which at first startling, finally
confounded, subdued and appalled me. With deep and rev-
erent awe I replaced the candelabrum in its former position.
The cause of my deep agitation being thus shut from view,
I sought eagerly the volume which discussed the paintings
and their histories. Turning to the number which designat-
ed the oval portrait, I there read the vague and quaint words
which follow:

“ She was a maiden of rarest beauty, and not more lovely
than full of glee. And evil was the hour when she saw, and
loved, and wedded the painter. He, passionate, studious,
austere, and having already a bride in his Art: she a maiden
of rarest beauty, and not more lovely than full of glee: all
light and smiles, and frolicksome as the young fawn : loving
and cherishing all things : hating only the Art which was
her rival: dreading only the pallet and brushes and other
untoward instruments which deprived her of the counte-
nance of her lover. It was thus a terrible thing for this lady
to hear the painter speak of his desire to pourtray even his
young bride. But she was humble and obedient, and sat
meekly for many weeks in the dark high turret-chamber
where the light dripped upon the pale canvas only from over-
head. But he, the painter, look glory in his work, which
went on from hour to hour and from day to day. And he
was a passionate, and wild and moody man, who became
lost in reveries ; so that he would not see that the light which
fell so ghastlily in that lone turret withered the health and
the spirits of his bride, who pined visibly to all but him.
Yet she smiled on and still on, uncomplainingly, because she
saw that the painter, (who had high renown,) took a fervid
and burning pleasure in his task, and wrought day and night
to depict her who so loved him, yet who grew daily more
dispirited and weak. And in sooth some who beheld tbe
portrait spoke of its resemblance in low words, as of a mighty
marvel, and a proof not less of the power of the painter than
of his deep love for her whom he depicted so surpassingly
well. But at length, as the labor drew nearer to its conclu-
sion, there were admitted none into the turret; for the pain-
ter had grown wild with the ardor of his work, and turned
his eyes from the canvas rarely, even to regard the counte-
nance of his wife. And he would not see that the tints
which he spread upon the canvas were drawn from the
cheeks of her who sate beside him. And when many weeks

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

265

had passed, and hut little remained to do, save one brush up-
on the mouth and one tint upon the eye, the spirit of the lady
again flickered up as the flame within the socket of the lamp.
And then the brush was given, and then the tint was plac-
ed ; and, for one moment, the painter stood entranced before
the work which he had wrought; but in the next, while he
yet gazed, he grew tremulous and very pallid, and aghast,
and crying with a loud voice ‘This is indeed Life itself!’
turned suddenly to regard his beloved:—She was dead."

EDGAR A. POE.

HOPE.

(in the manner OF burns.)

I dare not sing of lofty things,

Of heroes, demigods, and kings ;

And yet, my song hath no mean wings,—

Were they but grown,

Proud over heads of carping fools
It long had flown.

Feebly the yearling falcon flies,

Strong, tumbling torrents humbly rise,—

Nor, at the first, in tempest tries
His arms the pine;

Slow planned, the solemn domes arise,

Nor soon decline.

Oh ! much avails the strong desire,

The bosom touched with restless fire,

The strife that sunward still, and higher,

Would ceaseless rise;

More in the strife than in the crown,

The virtue lies.

Still, at the mountain's wooded base
The fledgling hawk, though proud, may chase
A game too humble for the race
Of stronger plumes;

So may the soul her strength await,

Whom Hope illumes.

And should my day be limited,

Let conscious worth my soul bested ;

Glory may wreath the honored head,

But could not rise

With crown of stars, to match the worth

That higher lies.	HORUS.

THE DIGNITY OF LABOR.

This is one of the cant phrases of the day, but it is used
mainly by people who prefer to be undignified and idle.
The dignity of labor is a good phrase by itself, but we have
never heard it used by cartmen or hod-carriers, or kitchen
maids; neither have we known any body able to live in idle-
ness, voluntarily going to work for the sake of the dignity at-
tending upon useful employment. The most ambitious men
among us are covetous of the indignities of do-nothing-hood.
We hear every day people talk with great sincerity of the
dignity of labor, but yet nobody manifests any desire to gain
distinction by carrying a hod or trundling a porter’s barrow.
On the contrary, our ambitious men are not only very care-
ful to do nothing that is useful themselves, but they even es-
teem it an honor to be descended from ancestors who have
never labored. We know the son of a house carpenter who
blushes like scarlet whenever his father’s profession is allu-
ded to, while another gentleman of our acquaintance who
has been compelled to labor at a trade biinself, takes great
delight in boasting of his grandfather, who had never labor-
ed at any useful occupation in his life, but had lived on a
pension from government, which was awarded to him in
consideration of his having worn a pair of gilt epaulettes a
certain number of years. The dignity of labor, is a phrase
that was invented by certain people who wished to make

laborers contented with their condition, lest they should grow
dissatisfied and refuse to work any longer to support a cer-
tain number of their fellow beings in a state of idlehood;
but the laborers do not appear to appreciate the compliment
that has been so generously bestowed upon them, and as they
seem as little satisfied with their condition as ever, we would
throw out a hint to the philanthropists to bestow the titles
of honor which are now exclusively conferred upon idlers,
upon the laborers, and perhaps by this expedient those who
earn our daily bread for us might be induced to believe that
there is a real dignity in labor. In the event of a reversal of
titles taking place, those who labor the hardest should re-
ceive the highest honors. A gentleman farmer, or a boss
builder, would then call his ploughman or hod-carrier, your
excellency Andrew Maguire, while a member of Congress
would call his man Charles, “your honor,” and a rich brok-
er would address his coachman as Dennis O’Neal, Esq. A
boss workman or an overseer would, of course, be nothing
more than plain mister. A merchant’s wife would call her
chambermaids young ladies, and her cook madame. A sys-
tem like this would be very likely to have an extremely hap-
py effect upon the lower classes, and convince them that the
dignity of labor is not a mere hollow sound uttered by
quack philanthropists to please the ear of mountebank mor-
alists. As it is not unlikely that our hint will be taken by
the upper classes, who are fond of anything that smacks of
novelty, we will give a model or two lor the kind of recom-
mendation that should in such a case be given to a servant on
leaving his place.

No. 1.

From an individual whose gardener had left him for the sake of a more
dignified station.

This is to certify that His Excellency, Thompson Donald-
son, the bearer of this, was in my employment as a gardener
for the space of five years, and that his Excellency gave me
entire satisfaction. H. E. leaves me now in the hope of ob-
taining a situation of greater dignity, my work being very
light, and H. E. having an ambition to become a ditcher or
something of that kind.	Christopher Easysides.

No. 2.

From a person whose coachman had become dissatisfied with his idle and
luxurious situation.

To whom it may concern, this is to certify that the bearer,
the honorable Terence Malone, is an honest industrious gen-
tleman. He has been in my service as a coachman the last
ten years, and I have always found him sober, prudent and
willing to work. He leaves me now at his own will, chiefly
with the hope of obtaining a situation of greater dignity,
where he can feel a consciousness of earning the full worth
of his wages, the situation which he has held in my family
leaving him too much time on his hands, in consequence of
which he is fearful of growing corpulent and idle.

Peter Van Summertime.

No. 3.

From a Stock Broker recommending his clerk.

This is to certify that Charles Sturdyman, Esquire, has
been employed in my office as a book keeper the past year.
I have found him attentive, docile and correct in his duties.
I know of no other motive for his leaving me than his dissat-
isfaction at the extremely light labor which be is required to
perform, my office being open but five hours out of the twen-
ty-four, and the heaviest instrument in it being a steel pen.

Mr. Sturdyman is somewhat enervated at present from
having been in the habit of taking his breakfast in bed, but I
have no doubt that he will in time become a dignified mem-
ber of society, for his mind seems bent upon hard work. He

266

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

is ambitious to wield a sledge hammer, but I have recom-
mended him to try his hand for a while in breaking stones on
the public road; he may in time rise to the dignity of a
ploughman or stone mason.

(Signed)	Curtis Littlebody.

No. 4.

From a woman in high life to one of her young ladies.

My dear Miss Flaherty. I regret extremely that the situ-
ation which you have long held in my house, as a maker of
beds and a duster of tables, should at last prove so irksome to
you. I am aware that the habits into which you have fallen
of reading novels in the afternoon has been prejudicial to your
health and morals, and I cannot disapprove of your determin-
ation to become a dairy maid, or enter a cotton mill. These
are posts of great dignity, and you will doubtless find, as
Moore (I think it is Moore,) says, that labor is its own exceed-
ing great reward. You will please deliver up your feather
brush to the young lady whose assistance I have secured in
your department, and believe me ever your friend,

Matilda Marrowfat.

N. B.—This will certify to any farmer or manufacturer
wishing to employ you, that I have ever found you honest
and obedient.	M. F.

No. 5.

From, the wife of a Cashier, recommending her Cook.

To my Friends,—

I can warrant the bearer of this, Madam Davis, to be a
first rate Cook. She done all my cooking the last year, but
my family being small, only my husband and myself, and he 
being dyspeptic and I principally unwell, so that neither of us
can eat solid food, she finds that boiling a pot of hominy once 
a day is not work enough for her, and she thinks of getting a
situation in some large establishment, where there will be
more dignity and good hard work. Madam Davis is an ex-
cellent lady, good hearted, healthy, and remarkably kind in
sickness. She has a large family of daughters who all hold
honorable situations as chamber ladies or assistants on farms.

Signed, Lydia Dwindle.

P. S.—Madam D. knows nothing about the Piano Forte, but
is very expert with a frying pan where one is used. L. D.

A GENTLE PUFF.

IF we copied into our Journal all the complimentary notices that
are bestowed upon us, it would contain hardly any thing besides; the
following done into poetry is probably the only one of the kind that
we shall receive, and we extract it from our neighbor, the New World,
for the sake of its uniqueness.

Then with step sedate and stately, as if thrones had borne him lately,
Came a bold and daring warrior up the distant echoing floor;

As he passed the Courier's Colonel, then I saw The Broadway
Journal,

In a character supernal, on his gallant front he bore,

And with stately step and solemn marched he proudly through the

door,

As if he pondered, evermore.

With his keen sardonic smiling, every other care beguiling,

Right and left he bravely wielded a double-edged and broad claymore,
And with gallant presence dashing, ’mid his confreres stoutly clashing,
He unpityingly went slashing, as he keenly scanned them o’er,

And with eye and mien undaunted, such a gallant presence bore,

As might awe them, evermore.

Neither rank nor station heeding, with his foes around him bleeding,
Sternly, singly and alone, his course he kept upon that floor;
While the countless foes attacking, neither strength nor valor lacking,
On his goodly armor hacking, wrought no change his visage o'er,

As with high and honest aim, he still his falchion proudly bore,
Resisting error, evermore.

REVIEWS.

Thirteenth Annual Report of the Trustees of the Perkins Institution

and Massachusetts Asylum of the Blind.

This exceedingly interesting report is from the pen of the
philanthropic Director of the Asylum at Mount Washington,
Dr. Howe. It is not simply a report of the condition of the
Institution, for it contains much collateral matter full of im-
portant suggestions to thinking minds. But the chief interest
of the report centres in that part of it which relates to Laura
Bridgman, the deaf and blind mute, whose deprivations
have rendered her name famous. It is generally known that
Dr. Howe had succeeded in opening a communication of
ideas with her, seemingly an almost impossible attempt, and
that under his care she was gradually coming to a knowledge
of the kind of world, physical and spiritual, which she inha-
bits. The great difficulty in the education of a mind like
hers, must be to keep it free from errors, for all abstract
truths and falsities must be alike to her, and an impression
once created upon her mind could scarcely be removed.

Feeling the importance of this, her instructor was very care-
ful not to allow any improper person to have communication
with her; but during his absence in Europe last year, it ap-
years that some busy-body, more zealous than discreet, un-
dertook to indoctrinate the poor girl with sectarian princi-
ples, and sadly deranged her ideas of the Deity by talking to
her of the Atonement, the Lamb of God, and some mystical
points of mere speculative doctrine. These things were, per-
haps, not further beyond her comprehension than of the per-
sons who talked to her about them ; but they perplexed her
more, because she required for every symbol a definite idea.
She could not understand metaphorical language; hence the
Lamb of God was to her a real animal, and she could not
conceive why it did not grow old like other lambs, and be
called a sheep. Her misconception of terms which, from
their familiarity, are to us so plain in their meaning, shows
how difficult the task must be always to convey exact
thoughts to her mind on abstract subjects. She appears to
be very much attached to Dr. Howe, and while he was in
Europe sent him several letters, one of which we extract
from the Report:—

MY VERY DEAR Dr. Howe :

What can I first say to God when I am wrong? Would he send
me good thoughts and forgive me when I am very sad for doing
wrong ? Why does he not love wrong people if they love him ?
Would he be very happy to have me think of Him and Heaven very
often? Do you remember that you said I must think of God and Hea-
ven ? I want you to please to answer me to please me. I have learn-
ed about a great many things to please you very much. Mrs. Har-
rington has got a new little baby eight days last Saturday. God was
very generous and kind to give babies to many people. Miss Roger’s
mother has got baby two months ago. I want to see you very much.

I send much love to you. Is God ever ashamed? I think of God very
often to love Him. Why did you say that I must think of God ? You
must answer me all about it, if you do not I shall be sad. Shall we
know what to ask God to do ? When will he let us go to see Him in
Heaven ! How did God tell people that he lived in Heaven ? How
could he take care of folks in Heaven and why is he our Father?
When can he let us go in Heaven ? Why can not He let wrong peo-
ple to go to live with Him and be happy ? Why should he not like to
have us ask him to send us good thoughts if we are not very sad for
doing wrong.

The whole Report relating to this interesting girl is in-
tensely exciting, and we shall look forward to the annual
reports of Doctor Howe with a good deal of curiosity. She
could hardly have fallen into better hands for her own hap-
piness, or for the benefit of mankind. It is very apparent
that important hints in education may be gathered in watch-
ing the advancement of a mind like Laura Bridgman’s from
total darkness into the light of comparative day. Although
now on the verge of womanhood, she has less elementary
knowledge than a child of six years.

The cases of blind and deaf mutes are not as rare as they

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

267

have been supposed ; Dr. Howe has met with ten of these
unfortunate persons, in relation to seven of whom he gives
some highly interesting particulars.

The Diary of Lady Willoughby. No. 5 of Wiley & Putnam’s Library

of Choice Reading, pp. 100. Price 25 cents.

The Diary of Lady Willoughby is framed on the exact plan
of the Amber Witch, and is quite as successful a composition
in its way, although it is entirely unlike that remarkable
production.

It professes to be the diary of an English lady, in the lat-
ter part of the reign of Charles I, during the first fourteen
years of her married life. To make the resemblance to reality
the more perfect, the first edition in England was published
in exact imitation of books in the seventeenth century. This
external evidence of authenticity must have helped, in a de-
gree, to render more perfect the illusion which the author has
created, and it is not strange that many, even among learned
readers, believed it to be a genuine diary of the troublous times
of the English revolution. As a literary curiosity it could
have but little value for the million, but as a truthful record
of human affections, which are the same in all time, it will
have a value, like that of those simple tales which are al-
ways so acceptable to the great mass of English readers. A
lady of our acquaintance, who is no great devourer of books,
by the way, took it up by accident, and declared that she had
never been so bewitched by a book before. It is evidently
the work of a pious, tender-hearted mother—such a passage
as the following could have been written by none other:

“ Arose this morning with mind more composed than for some time
past. Cicely’s mother ill, and I went down to see her: She is a bright
Example of Patience ; her Trials and Sufferings have been manifold,
bodily pain the least, has lost three children in infancy, and one
daughter grown up: and yet, can it be, has known still deeper sorrow.
Returned through the Park. Never saw the chestnuts and beeches
more beautiful in their autumnal tints, the fallen leaves crushed pleas-
antly beneath my feet; the Sun was setting before I was aware, and
the Aire grew suddenly chill. Taking the nearest way I entered the
house by aside door, and there beneath the old Mulberry saw the lit-
tle Carte and whip as they had been left by my poor Child the last
day he was out, when he looked so tired and I carried him in. I
stooped and look up the Whip, and hiding it beneath my cloke, went
straight up stairs: no Hand had touched it since his : the teares I wept
over it did me good: it seemed my innocent right to weep over this
Token of my lost one.

“ The fullnesse and brightnesse of a young mother can never againe
be my experience, since that joy has been a Source of Suffering and
agony never to be forgotten. Death followed into the habitation
where life had just taken his abode. Not in short space of time can
the Heart recover such Dispensations, and in the excellency of no other
joys can it ever forget the stroke that first destroyed its sweetest hopes:
Death once seene at our Hearth leaveth a shadow which abideth there
forever.”

History of Germany, from the earliest period to the present time.

By Frederic Kohlrausch. Translated from the last German edition

by James D. Haas. Part 1,25 cents. D. Appleton & Co., 200 Broad-
way. (To be completed in five numbers.)

It is surprising that a work of such great importance and
permanent popularity should have remained so long untrans-
lated into the English language, as the history of Germany
by Kohlrausch. A work of the kind for popular reading has
long been wanted, and the Appletons have done the public a
service by commencing its publication in their valuable series

of historical works. ______________

The Library of American Biography, VoL 15,

Edited by Jared Sparks, contains biographies of Benjamin
Thompson, the celebrated Count Rumford, General Zebulon
Montgomery Pike, and of Samuel Gordon, one of the first
settlers of Rhode Island. It is published by Little & Brown,
Boston.

The Lift and Institute of the Jesuits

     By the Rev. Father de Rovignan, of the Company of Je-
sus, translated from the fourth French edition, has just been
published by Dunigan, Fulton st. It is a neat 18mo. of 180
pages, and may be read with profit by all who, having heard
a great deal said against the Jesuits, may care to see what
can be said in their favour.

No Cross, no Crown,

By William Penn, is one of the few books whose merits
transcend even the length of their titles (of which we have
given the first four words only), and should be universally
read. Published by Collins & Co. 254 Pearl st.

Frankenstein, by Mrs. Shelley ; and Midshipman Easy, by Captain
Marryatt,	1

Form Nos. 1 and 2 of a new Library of Standard Novels,
the publication of which has just been begun by Henry G.
Daggers, 30 Ann street, on the cheap system; in respect of
which the editor, Mr. Benjamin, very justly remarks, in the
prospectus: “There is certainly no reason in the nature of
things why a novel should be more harmless when printed
in a costly and elegant style, than when issued so as to
render it obtainable by the poor as well as the rich, by the
laboring as well as the idle. Nevertheless there may be, and
doubtless is, some force in the objections to cheap literature,
based on the fact that the system has been abused. This,
however, should not cause any reader to reject, but simply to
discriminate. Before purchasing, even at the most paltry
prices, he should look at the name of the editor or publisher,
and, if either be a man of fair standing, give him the benefit
of it; his goods should be considered with as much discrimi-
nation as those of a manufacturer, and his stamp should
pass as current with the public.”

It is greatly to be deplored that publishers are too seldom
influenced by any other motives in putting forth books, than
mercenary considerations, but books should not be regarded as
mere merchandise, and no publisher should allow his name to
appear on a book of pernicious tendencies, who wishes to pre-
serve the character of a good citizen, or establish himself in a
profitable business. The most successful publishers of cheap
books, are the Chambers, of Edinburgh, who have never, in
any instance pandered to the base feelings of our nature, by
the issue of improper books, or sought to gain popularity by
any species of trickery or meretricious show. Their eminent
success should embolden other publishers to imitate their
example.

The books which Mr. Daggers has selected for the initials
of his series are unexceptionable of their kind, and they are of
a kind which will always be popular while there is a love tor
the marvelous in the human mind.

Principles of Forensic Medicine. By William A Guy, M. B., Cantab.,

Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, etc., etc. First Ameri-

can edition. With Notes and Additions, by Charles A. Lee, M. D.,
Professor of Materia Medica and General Pathology in Geneva

College, etc., etc. New York : Harper & Brothers.

We believe that before the publication of Dr. Guy's book,
there was no convenient text-book of the English language

on the subject of Forensic Medicine. The voluminous work

of the Becks, although highly elaborate and meritorious was
for obvious reasons unadapted to the purposes of the student
—nor, indeed, as a manual for the legal or medical practi-
tioner, could it be considered as suitable in any respect. The
present volume omits every thing of merely literary interest
as well as all that concerns the history of Forensic Medicine’
—that is to say, the state of the law in former times and in
different countries. The mam object has been to afford re-
sults—general conclusions—in a word, to make a practical

and useful book.

In discussing each subject, the author commences with a
brief account of the existing provisions of the law ; investiga-
ting, in the second place, under distinct heads, the principal
medical questions springing from the law, and appending
practical rules for medico-legal investigation. Throughout
the subjects are illustrated by cases.

The American editor has corrected numerous errors existing
in the English work, and adapted the whole to the laws and
institutions of the United States. His additions (which are
very numerous and important) are distinguished from the
English text by being enclosed in brackets.

The Waverly Novels, by Sir Walter Scott: with the Author’s
latest corrections and additions. Complete in Five Volumes. (3340
pages) for Two Dollars and Fifty cents. Vol 1. Contents-Waverly,
Guy Manuering, Antiquary, Rob Roy, Black Dwarf, Old Mortality
Philadelphia: Carey & Hart.

The first consideration forcing itself on the mind while
looking over such a volume as this, is, what might have
been thought, before the invention of printing, of the pro-
position to sell this amount of reading matter for fifty cents.
Here are 700 pages, printed in close minion type, profuse-
ly interspersed with nonpareil, in double columns large oc-
tavo, on very good paper—and all for half a dollar! The
most astounding miracles of Mesmerism, if fairly examined,
would be found scarcely more really marvellous than this.

268

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

We observe that unusual care has been taken in getting
up this edition. The typography is very correct, and the five
volumes bound or unbound, would form a valuable addition
to any library which chances to be without a copy of Scott’s
novels.

A Phrase Book in English and German, with a literal translation
of the German into English, together with a complete explanation of
the sounds and the accentuation of the German. By Morite Erthei-
ler, teacher of the German language in the city of New York. Gree-
ley and McElrath, Tribune buildings. 1845.

The numerous testimonials to the merit of this volume
which accompany it do not allow a doubt of its usefulness to
the student of the German language. The manner of ar-
ranging the phrases differs materially from any other phrase
book that we have seen. First the phrase is given in Eng-
lish, then underneath in German, then translated literally
into English: as,

This was ever so.

Dies ist immer so gewesen.

This is always so been.

The Chronicles of Pineville. By the author of Major Jones’
Courtship, with twelve illustrations, engraved from original designs
by F. O. C. Darley. Philadelphia. Carey and Hart. 1845.

It is still a disputed point among certain critics whether
America has produced a humorous writer, and we have
heard the author of the book before us cited as the best ex-
ample of a humorist that America can boast. But the Au-
thor of Major Jones’ Courtship is a comic rather than a hu-
morous writer. The merit of his sketches lies in their fidel-
ity to the scenes described, and not in their wit and humor.
The illustrations by Darley are the best of the kind that we
have seen in any American work, they are executed with
great freedom, and are very well as mere designs, but they
lack character, as they could not fail to do, since they were
not drawn from nature. They might be used to illustrate
tales of Michigan or Massachusetts life with as much propri-
ety as sketches of life in Georgia. In one of the illustrations
there is a stone cottage, and in another there is a row of
three story houses ; but we doubt the existence of such
things in Pineville. The cuts are executed with greater
neatness and beauty than we are accustomed to see in our
wood engravings, and they are exceedingly well printed.

THE MAGAZINES.

The Lady’s Book for May has several very excellent papers—
among which the most valuable if not altogether the most interesting
is the “ European Correspondence” by Grund. Mr. Grund is one of
the most remarkable men we ever met,—possessing a wonderful facul-
ty of observation, and a memory which stands in little need of Profes-
sor Gouraud. His analytical power is also great, and as a critic few
men are entitled to greater consideration. Take as a specimen his
account of Kaulbach’s “Destruction of Jerusalem.”

"Kaulbach, in his ‘ Destruction of Jerusalem,’ seizes not only on
an historical moment or catastrophe in the downfall of the Jews, but
on its poetical signification and its connection and relation to the hu-
man mind, which, after all, is the great laboratory of history. The
most accurate description of an event by an eye-witness is yet tar
from being an herodical account of the same, and so is the representa-
tion of an historical event far from being an historical picture. Kaul-
bach shows us the awful calamity of the destruction of the holy city
in its historical signification, in its relation to our religious conscious-
ness and to ourselves. The figures which he presents to the eye of
the beholder were never in life thus grouped together, and yet—his
painting is eminently historical.

“ In the middle of the picture you see a group of dead bodies, dying
men and women, and some who, in their despair, attempt to destroy
themselves. This is the high priest, with his family; on both sides
and behind him you behold the cause of their distraction—the sources
of these rivers of blood. The Roman imperator enters in triumph the
holy city: the horrors of heathenism are planted on the altar of the
only living God ; the daughters of Zion are robbed : mothers, in des-
pair, attack their own flesh and blood ; and the people, in wild dis-
may, throng the streets leading to the temple of Jehovah, whose
burning columns threaten to bury them under its burning ruins. But
the painter, in producing this wild confusion, has introduced the unity
of design by the higher religious source from which these evils spring.
The religious faith of the world saw in the destruction of Jerusalem a
visitation of Divine Providence, which was expected as it was prophe-
sied. This idea is introduced into the picture by the angels with
burning swords which descend from Heaven, and the holy prophets
which are there enthroned. The destruction of the holy city, there-
fore, is an act of poetic justice—the last act of the Jewish drama
which reconciles the beholder to her fate. But. also, the relation of
the catastrophe to our own times is admirably indicated. It deprived

the people of Israel of their home : what remained of their faith was
doomed to endure the yoke of perpetual slavery. This fact the mid-
dle ages have dressed into the Story of ‘ The Wandering Jew;’ and
him, scourged by demons, the artist has introduced into his picture.
But what of the people of Israel belongs to the New Testament, des-
tined in the name of the Saviour to possess the world, our Christian
ancestors leave, under the guidance of angels, the burning town. This
group concludes the picture.

“ The design is, us you may conclude from this description, con-
ceived in the most elevated and philosophical sense. It is, as regards
that conception, unique and unsurpassed by any work of art, ancient
or modern. The whole is. as it were, a picture in motion.”

Miss Leslie continues her “ Bloxhams and Mayfields,” which loses
nothing of its interest as it proceeds. “La Cubana,” by the Poor
Scholar, has some passages of glowing poetry, intermingled with
some that are any thing else. “ The Gazelle ot the Menagerie,” by
Miss Gould is particularly happy, and so is the “ Horae Otiosae.”
The engravings are a mezzotint by Sadd, (Charles I. taking leave of
his children,) and a Mountish-looking design entitled “ The Recruit”
—engraved by Ellis.

In the “Editors’ Book Table” there are some very just remarks on
the subject of taking out copyright for Magazines. It is really very
difficult to see how any one can, in conscience, object to such a course
on the part of Mess. Godey and Graham. To our apprehension a mere
statement of the facts of the case should stand in lieu of all argument.
It has been long the custom among the newspapers—the weeklies es-
pecially—to copy Magazine articles in full, and circulate them all over
the country—sometimes in advance of the magazines themselves. In
other words Godey and Graham have been at all the cost, while the
papers have enjoyed, if not all the advantage—at least the most im-
portant item of it—the origination of the articles. To such au extent
had this piracy been carried, that many magaziue subscribers ceased
to be euch, because they could procure all that was valuable in
these works from the newspapers very little later and often at less
cost, than from the magazines themselves.

Graham’s Magazine for May is peculiarly rich in contributions.
Cooper’s sketch of Preble is worthy the best days of its author. Mrs.
Stephens’ “ Zuleica” is, also, an excellent article, and Grund's ‘ ‘ For-
eign Literary News” will be read with interest by all:—it is sadly dis-
figured, however, by typographical mistakes. We venture to correct
one or two of these, in copying the annexed exquisite ballad. It is
quoted by Mr. Grund from “ La Normandie Romanesque, Traditions,
Legendes et Superstitions Populaires de Cette Province.”

Le roi a one fille a marler
A un Anglais la veut donner
Elle ne veut; moi

—Jamais mari n’ epouserai s’ il n’est François.

La Belle ne voulant ceder,

Sa Sœur s’ en vint la conjurer,

—Accepter, ma sœr, cette fois
C'est pour paix a France donner avec l’Anglois.

Et quand ce vint pour s’ embarquer
Les yeux on lui voulut bander ;

—Eh ! ote-toi, retire-toi, franc traitre Anglois,

Car je veux voir juaqu’ a la fin le sol François.

Et quand ce vint pour arriver
La chatel etait pavoise

—Eh! ote-toi, retire-toi, franc traitre Anglois,

Ce n’ est pa la le drapeau blanc du roi François,

Et quand ce vint pour le souper
Pas ne voulut boire ou manger
—Eloigne-toi, retire-toi, franc traitre Anglois,

Ce n est pas la le pain, le vin du roi François.

Et quand ce vint pour se coucher
L' Anglois la voulut dechausser
—Eloigne-toi, retire-toi, franc traitre Anglois,

Jamais homme n’ y touchera s’ il n’ eat François.

Et quand ce vint sur la minuit
Elle fit entendre grand bruit
En s’ ecriant avec douleur-—O Roi des Rois,

Ne me laissez entre les bras de cet Anglois.

Quatre heures sonnant a la tour,

La Belle finissoit ses jours,

La Belle finissoit ses jours d’un cœur joyeux
Et les Anglois y pleuroient tous d' un air pitieux.

Besides the articles above noticed, there are papers from Headley,
Whipple, Fanny Forrester, Mrs. Seba Smith, Tuckerman, Lowell,
Mrs. Caroline Butler, and others.

In Mr. Lowell’s poem, “ An Incident of the Fire at Hamburgh,”
there are some very noble images. For example :

Not Nature's self more freely speaks In crystal or in oak,

Than through the pious builder’s hand in that gray pile she spoke;

And as from acorn springs the oak, so, freely and alone,

Sprang from his heart this hymn to God, sung in obedient stone.

The engravings are “ The Proposal,” by Cowperthwait, from a
drawing by Miss Corbould, and a very excellent view of the Cut-Off

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

269

River (a Branch of the Wabash) engraved by Smillie from a design
by Bodmer.

The Columbian opens with a very good domestic tale by Fanny For-
rester. “ The Double Rose,” by Mrs. Caroline Butler, is perhaps
equally good in a different way. “ Thoughts on the Poets” by Tuc-
kerman, is especially well written. The other prose contributors are
Mrs. Ellet, John Brougham, Miss Browne, Arthur. Miss Brawner, E.

J. Porter, and Rob. A. West. Of the poems the best, by very far, is
Mrs. Osgood’s “ Golden Rules in Rhyme.” We fancy, however, that
we perceive in it some misprints.

Think not to aim the shafts of wit
At all that’s mean or narrow—

should be undoubtedly

Shrink not— &c.

Let more than the domestic mill
Be tuned by Feeling’s river—

should as undoubtedly read

Be turned—&c.

The engravings are “ The Wedding” by Forrest from a drawing by
Morton, "The Idle Servant” mezzotinted by Sadd from a painting
by Maes, and a " Fashion Plate,” with three figures, colored. There
are also two pages of original music by Saroni.

The present number of The Southern Quarterly Review contains a
greater amount of subjects interesting to the South, than any other
that we have seen. There is an article on the Union of Races, one
on Mr. Hoar’s mission, and another on South Carolina politics. Be-
sides these subjects of sectional interest, there are several of general
literary interest, which we shall notice more fully hereafter.

In the review of the “ Spirit of the Age,” although “ Orion” is hear-
tily appreciated (and it is indeed one of the noblest poems of this or
any age) some injustice is, upon the whole, done to its author. Mr
Horne is not, as supposed, the writer of all the papers in the "Spirit
of the Age,” Very many of them are neither his, nor worthy him.

THE CONCERT ROOM.

CONCERT OF THE NEW YORK PHILHARMONIC SOCIETY.

The last, and by far the worst Concert of the season, took place at
the Apollo Saloon on Saturday April 19th. The following is the pro-
gramme :

PART 1.

Symphony No. 7, in A. -	Beethoven.

Movements 1, Poco Sostenuto Vivace.

3—	Allegretto.

S—Presto.

4—	Allegro con brio.

PART 2.

Overture. Zum Marchen Von der Schonen.

Melusine—lst time. -	-	- Mendelssohn.

Grand Aria. From "Das Nachtlager in Granada.”

Seine fromme Liebes Gabe.

Mad. Otto. -	-	- C. Rreutzer.

Grand Fantasia— for the Piano-forte, -	J.N. Hummel.

Oberon's Zauberflote—1st time,	- H. C. Timm.

Scena e Cavatina, Il Crociato in Egitto—Eccomi eccomi Giunto.
Mad. Otto. -	•	- Mayerbeer.

Overture, (Oberon.) -	Weber.

The symphony by Beethoven is a wonderful composition. The
programme states that the subject is, or may be, supposed to be the
story of Orpheus and Eurydice ; whether such is the case or not, we
will not argue at present. Indeed, unless the composer himself states
his subject, we should, ourselves, always receive, with much caution,
any gratuitous elucidation, for music will so differently affect different
people, that what will appear perfectly natural, and in just accordance
with the refined feelings of some, would seem sheer raving and mad-
ness to others. It is true, that intellectual musical minds will but
rarely differ upon the true sentiment and meaning of a fine composi-
tion ; but as to its detail, no two will be found to agree, unless indeed

the composition be vocal.

The performance of the first movement was slovenly in the extreme
It wanted precision, force, and clearness. We would merely quote
the mistake made by Mr. J. A. Kyle, to prove that even such orches-
tral excellence may have an exception. We would suggest to the con-
ductor, if one who follows where be should lead may be called so.
that when he meets with a p in his score, that its meaning is piano or
soft, and that two pp’s mean also soft, only more so. This will cer-
tainly be no news to him theoretically, but it would certainly astonish
his hearers, if he should by chanct give any practical evidence of his
knowledge. The Andante is truly an exquisite movement, but it was
badly played; there was a total want of delicacy in the performance

of the stringed instruments, (excepting the violoncelli, which were ad-
mirably handled) the violins scraped away unmercifully without taste
or expression, and in the short fugue towards the close, one half
seemed undetermined whether they were playing in the major or the
minor.

The Allegretto or minuett and trio, was begun one half too fast so
the conductor immediately altered the time, and continued altering it
backward and forward, until he suited himself, which did not happen
we conclude, until after the movement finished.

We would gladly expatiate upon the beauty and the peculiarity of
this movement, but we have a long notice before us and must refrain.

For a description of the finale, we must refer our readers to the
printed description—it says that “ it will be found in many parts, the
very embodiment of mental distraction.” Gentle reader, this is per-
fectly true ; a more perfect picture—tone-picture—of mental distrac-
tion, we never listened to, but the author had less to do with it than
the conductor and the band. It was chaos, chaos—nothing but chaos !

It was a performance utterly disgraceful to a society of such preten-
sions, and one formed of such admirable materials. But the cause of
this is by no means difficult to arrive at. The society is made up of
cliques or cabals, composed of different nations; some of these parties
are a compound of two people of different birth places, who coalesce
for the purpose of keeping a third party from taking the lead; and it,
unfortunately, most frequently happens that the most worthy and effi-
cient member is sacrificed to a mean, paltry, narrow-minded, national
and party jealousy or prejudice, while in his stead is placed a man in-
capable of filling the office with any credit to himself or the society.
Not only does this illiberal feeling exist and act within the society it-
self, but it operates to the exclusion of good, efficient, and necessary
members; so jealous is each party, lest the new member should in-
crease the number of its antagonists. We have repeatedly urged upon
the society the necessity of increasing its force in violins; and every
member who knows anything, will accede to the justice of the remark;
and yet we know of at least one case, where an excellent violin player,
firm, powerful and talented, was proposed, but black-balled by the
party in power, for no other possible reason than that he was not of
their party. This is a state of things which cannot but prove fatal to
the very existence of the society, it persisted in.

The fatal effects of its operation is plainly to be traced in the evident
deterioration of the performances. The members arc the same; we
must conclude that they have not lost any of their mechanical ability !
How then can we account for this deterioration, otherwise than in the
operation of these powerful cliques, which has resulted in the frequent
election of a conductor whom we distinctly assert to be incompetent
to the office. We cannot believe that after exposing himself to the
smiles of every musician present at the Philharmonic Concert on Sa-
turday last, we cannot believe, we say, that Mr. U. C. Hill will ever
attempt to wield the conductor’s baton in that society again ; or if he
would, we cannot believe that he will ever be permitted so to do. We
do not believe the professional experience of any individual member,
can furnish a parallel to such misleadings, and if the party feelings of
the members have not blinded them to the certain fatal results of their
conduct, we may yet hope to see a beneficial change.

Madame Otto sang two songs, one German and the other Italian.
The remarks we have made upon this lady’s pronunciation of the En-
glish language, will apply with double force to her Italian singing. It
would be difficult, indeed, from the pronunciation, to fix upon any par.
ticular language as the one in which she sung. Madame Otto is fool-
ishly advised in the selection of her music. The songs she sings
are generally beyond her power of execution ; requiring many qualifi.
cations which she does not possess—thorough musical education, feel-
ing, taste, and flexibility of voice.

We have at least done some good by our remarks on these Concerts
The method of accompanying the vocal music which we have so un-
sparingly condemned, has given place to a more careful execution. In
this Madame Otto hud an advantage never before afforded a singer at
these concerts.

Hummel’s piano-forte piece was the gem of the evening. It cannot
be called strictly a piano piece, as no effect could be given to it with-
out the assistance of the orchestra. It is descriptive of the wander,
ings of the French knight Sir Huon, as described in the fairy tale of
Oberon or the Charmed Horn. It is replete with beauties, and is pro-
bably one of the most happily conceived descriptive pieces ever put
u a paper. The Tempesta di Mare (Sea Storm) becomes truly sub-
lime in its vraisemblance; the last movement, however, delighted us
the most. Its theme is the Indian air introduced by Weber into his
opera of Oberon. The ingenuity with which this is worked out in a
thousand different ways, while brilliantly accompanied on the piano

270

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

is worthy particular notice. The orchestral arrangements are exqui-
site in their effects from the beginning to the end.

Mr. Timm’s performance was distinguished by a fine appreciation
of his author, discriminating taste, delicacy, precision and exquisite
finish. We always feel a pure and unalloyed enjoyment in listening to
this gentleman’s playing; we have certainly met many who can do
more to astonish us, but Mr. Timm satisfies our judgment, and fills
our mind with a perfect embodiment of the beautiful conceptions of
the composer.

Mendelssohn’s overture, Melusine, was performed for the first time
in the country, but no justice was done to it. The countless delicate
and beautiful points, the developement of which depend upon the in-
ward perception of their importance by the conductor, were hidden,
overlooked, or never known.

The overture to Oberon was the best orchestral performance of the
evening, but the effect was in a great measure marred by a want of
power in the violins—they were altogether too weak. There was an
error in the time of the first movement. We saw Weber conduct it,
from the first rehearsal in the Saloon at Covent Garden Theatre, to
the last rehearsal in the orchestra. He always made an accellerando
after the eighth bar of the opening movement. This would suggest
itself to any one studying it carefully, for otherwise the movement
would be dragging in the extreme.

With this overture concluded a concert very unsatisfactory in its re-
sults, as a performance : the materials were good, but they were mar-
red by incompetency and want of care.

MUSICAL REVIEW.

“ The Social Minstrel, designed for the use of the domestic circle,
schools, concerts and classes, consisting of sacred and secular songs,
duetts, trios, quartettes, rounds and chorusses; principally selected
from the best European authors; arranged with an accompaniment
for the piano forte, by David Paine.''

Published by Crocker and Brewster, 47 Washington st. Boston.

The taste for vocal music is spreading over the country most rapid-
ly ; it is rooting itself firmly wherever four voices can be found to
mingle in its practice. Vocal part-music is practiced in our cities to
an extent scarcely to be believed by those who only know of music
by attending the fashionable public concerts. There are many hun-
dreds of young men, in New York alone, who, instead of wasting their
time over the billiard table or dominoe box, meet together and devote
two or three evenings every week to the study of glee singing, and re-
ceive a rich reward in the delight experienced from the pleasant social
intercourse and musical banquets which such meetings afford. No
one will deny but that this promises well for the social and intellectu-
al improvement of the people ; nor will any one deny that music may
be made, by judicious fostering and enlightened encouragement, a pow-
erful auxiliary in ameliorating the social wants in every circle of soci-

ety.

Music excited no inconsiderable attention among the ancients.
They were fully impressed by the importance of the subject, not only
as a branch of educational accomplishment, but as a moral force which
might be wielded with powerful effect for the benefit of the people.
Even as far back as Polybius, music was considered of the most vital
importance in the education of youth, in all the ceremonies of state,
and also in the religious rites of the church. Speaking of its power
he says—“ Nor can it be supposed that the Lacedemonians and An-
cient Cretans were not influenced by some good reason, when, in the
place of trumpets, they introduced the sound of flutes and the har-
mony of verse to animate their soldiers in the time of battle ; or that
the first Arcadians acted without some strong necessity, who, though
their lives and manners, in all other points, were rigid and austere, in-
corporate this art into the very essence of their government; and obliged
not their children only, but the young men likewise, till they had
gained the age of thirty years, to persist in its constant study and
practice." Most of the other ancient writers, spoke equally in its fa-
vor, and recommended it upon every occasion.

It is not strange, therefore, that we should hail with unfeigned plea-
sure, the unmistakable evidence of the rapid growth of this delightful
art in the affections of the people.

If any other evidence were wanting to prove the correctness of our
position, the mere fact of the publication of so many works devoted
to vocal part-music, would be sufficient. Quite a number of Glee
Books, re-published from English and German copies, have appeared
in New York, and as far as we have seen, these are superior to any
others published in the United Slates in respect to selection, form, and

convenient arrangement. We allude particularly to the collection
published by S. O. Dyer, 385 Hudson st., one volume of which has al-
ready appeared, and another is in course of publication in monthly num-
bers.

The little book before us is simple and unpretending in its character,
and contains many agreeable and pleasing pieces. They are, chiefly,
selections from the best English writers, with some German and Ital-
ian compositions. Among the composers we find the names of Doc-
tors Arne, Callcott, Greene, and Hayes, J. Stafford Smith, Handel,
Marcells, Neukomm, Rossini, Bellini, Barnett, Herold, Auber and
Mendelssohn, with several others. Mr. Paine has contributed several
of his own compositions, but anxious as we are to judge mildly, we
must say that the collection would have been beautified if these had
been omitted, they are so entirely common place and wanting in origi-
nality. One very prominent defect in this work, is the constant occur-
rence of false accentuation. In some places the words cannot be sung
as written, without making positive nonsense. Take for instance the
song—“ Woods in Winter,” in bars one and four, second line, p. 126,
where the second syllable of the word upland, falls upon the accented
beat of the bar, and the first syllabic of the word embracing, also up-
on the accented beat. We could multiply these instances, almost
without number, had we the space to spare. In arranging pieces Mr.
Paine has taken too many liberties with his author; in the following
pieces for instance ; When the moonlight streaming, Frendair, and the
Hunters Signal Horn, by A. Lee, he has omitted entire the second
part of the first, thus effectually divesting it of its meaning, and has
omitted from the second, the concluding portions of the two first
strains. This is altogether a needless curtailment, and is very bad
taste. In the Widow’s Reply, composed by David Paine, in the fourth
and fifth bars, page 73, the A flat in the accompaniment, should each
time be sharps. Such errors betray a negligence truly reprehensible.

The Book however really contains many valuable pieces of Music—
some to suit all classes—the grave, the gay, the pious, and the senti-
mental. It is bound in a neat cover, and is altogether got out in very
excellent style.

STODART & DUNHAM'S PIANO FORTES.

We have spoken at length upon the manufacture of Piano Fortes,
as exhibited at the factory of Messrs. Stodart & Dunham. We did not
go into the subject quite as thoroughly as we could have wished, from
the want of space, but we may have occasion to refer to it again by
and bye, and shall be able then to bring some obscure points into
strong relief.

We have not as yet reported upon the quality of the instruments
turned out from this factory, not because we had little to say, but be-
cause we thought it better to defer that portion until the concluding
notice.

Although all Piano Fortes would appear to a common observer to be
precisely alike in construction, and although the process of manufac-
ture is universally similar, yet the results depend so entirely upon a
combination of circumstances, that if two instruments be manufactured
from the same material, upon the same scale, and by the same hands,
they will be found, in all probability, when completed, to be totally
different in quality, and yet no one could discover the slightest dissimi-
larity in any portion of the workmanship. It will scarcely be credited,
but it is nevertheless a fact, that there are the enormous number of five
thousand three hundred and fifteen pieces in every Piano Forte of a
large scale. The number seems truly immense, but the small items
count up rap dly.

The aim of every maker is to produce as much tone of a certain qua-
lity, as rapidly and with as little labor to the performer as possible. It
is in this particular that each maker differs from the other. Some by
a light touch, and a hammer covered in a particular way, produce a
quality metallic and brilliant, and some by a powerful lever, a hammer
loosely covered, and a badly made spring, produce a wooden, or as it
is called, a tubby quality of tone, and this class has the peculiarity,
that though the keys be struck never so hard, no more sound can be
obtained ; while other makers endeavor to form such a scale (the form
by which the strings are adjusted on the instrument) and to regulate
the lever to such a nicety, that the medium power of the finger will pro-
duce a rich, full, and powerful tone, while an increase of power appli-
ed to the keys, will give an increase of tone of the same quality. These
in our opinion, have a decided advantage, for though use imparts a
brilliancy to them, their tone is not so apt to wear thin and wiry, as is
the case with those which are brilliant when new.

Of the latter class are Messrs. Stodart & Dunham’s instruments.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

271

They are full bodied, rich toned Pianos, with a touch so elastic that
it springs to the finger, and a clear, melodious and ringing sound,
which may almost be called vocal. The tone does not come out slug-
gishly, but is simultaneous with the stroke of the hammer, and in this
respect, we consider that they have, in their recent instruments, effect-
ed a decided improvement. Of the workmanship, both of the interior
and exterior of the instruments, we are enabled through ocular de-
monstration, to speak in terms of entire satisfaction, for we have seen
every part of the manufacture, and know it to be solid, faithful, and
masterly handicraft.

In conclusion, we feel assured that whoever purchases an instrument
from the store of Stodart & Dunham, will never repent the bargain.

To the gentlemanly and obliging proprietors we have to express our
thanks for their considerate patience under all our troublesome inqui-
ries.

MISCELLANY.

Puns from the Boston Post.—This witty paper makes
the most wicked puns of any periodical in the Union ; we cut three out
of the last week’s paper as specimens.

Early.—We notice the connubialization of Ezra T. Jones with Miss
Sally Ladd, in Chillicothe. Ezra has supplied his table with Sal-Ladd
at a very early day in the season.

The “ Razor Strop Man” is now in the Monumental City. He
bawled to a good many in Philadelphia, and then went to Bawl-to-
more.

Said a gentleman to Digby, at the Shades the other day. “ the Gen-
eral is a tine, noble-hearted fellow, and the prince of landlords; but
he has one fault, and that is he gives you such a tremendous squeeze
of the hand.” “Very true,” replied Digby,” " that is the only vice
be has.”

IMPROMPTU.

TO KATE CAROL.

When from your gems of thought I turn
To those pure orbs, your heart to learn,

I scarce know which to prize most high—

The bright i-dea, or bright dear-eye.

Goldsmith’s Writing Academy.—Having visited Mr.
Goldsmith’s new and elegant apartments, in the La Farge Buildings,
269 Broadway, we can speak with confidence of his admirable arrange-
ments. Every thing that can be done to promote the comfort and
convenience of the pupil, has been done. The great reduction in Mr.

G.’s charges (now $2,50 for a complete course) constantly attracts a
large number of pupils, so that every moment of his time is fully occu-
pied. This is as it ought to be. We enjoy one great blessing in Ameri-
ca—the assurance that merit almost invariably finds its reward. Of
Mr. Goldsmith’s high qualifications as a teacher, it is unnecessary to
say a word. His “ Gems of Penmanship” speak at least one large vol-
ume in his praise ; the daily press admits that, as a Professor of the
Calligraphic art, he has no rival on this continent; and five diplomas of
the American Institute, awarding him the highest premium for off-hand
penmanship, are sufficient evidence that, among the best judges, his
skill is largely appreciated.

Mr. Murdoch’s Lectures.—We have always regarded
Mr. Murdoch as the best elocutionist in America. As an actor he is,
perhaps, somewhat deficient in naturalness—vigor—and fulness of a-
bandonment to his character, but he always compensates us, in great
measure, by effective delivery and grace of gesture. He comprehends,
we think, the whole rationale of elocution as well as any man of his
time, and his physical powers enable him to give effect to his concep-
tions. We shall look with much interest tor a work on Elocution

which we understand he is preparing.

His lectures at the Society Library have been well attended, and
never fail to elicit applause from those whose approbation is of value.

State of the Country—Not the country composed of
politicians and speculating tradesmen, who appear to be exceedingly
anxious for a fight with somebody, about something or nothing, but
the country of green fields and budding fruits. It was never in a finer
condition thau at present; after a few days of gentle showers, and a
few more of west winds and sunshine, the fields have put on their
brightest verdure; the suburbs of the city, on Staten Island and Long
Island—are nearly smothered in the blossoms of the cherry trees.
The swamp maples are putting out their red buds, and the dog-wood

is opening his broad white flowers. Everything looks fresh, fragrant
and prosperous. The severe frost a fortnight ago injured some of the
peach trees in New Jersey, but there will be no lack of fruit the com-
ing season.



To CORRESPONDENTS—Many thanks to our friend "M."  of Albany;
his article has been waiting its turn, and will appear in due season.

"C. L. B.” will find a communication for him at our publishing office. 

THE BŒHM FLUTE.

(NEW INVENTION.)

Adopted at the Royal Academy of Music, London, the Conservatorie at
Paris, and the Principal Musical Institutions in Europe.

MR. LARRABEE, Manufacturer of the “ BŒhm

Flute,” 110 Fulton St. N. Y., anxious to introduce to the Amateurs of
the cities the above Important Invention, which has been so enthusiastically
received and generally used by the most distinguished European Artists, feels
happy in being able to place before them the following testimonial to its
merits, signed by two of the most distinguished of our resident Artists.

We hereby certify to the the excellence of Boehm Flute as manufactured
by Mr. J.D. Larrabee ; to the beauty of its tone, the perfection of its tune,
and the simplicity of its fingering, which renders a brilliant execution
comparatively easy.

Philip Ernst (who has already introduced it

successfully among his pupils.

John A. Kyle, Principal Flute of the Philhar-
monic Society and Italian Opera, Professor and Teacher of the Bœhm Flute,
41 Forsyth street, New York.

Amateurs and Professors are requested to call at the manufactory, 110
Fulton st. and judge for themselves.

PIANO - FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick.) invites the attention of the musical public to the ele-
gant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establisment, Comer of
Cottage-place and Bleecker Street, which he will sell at prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twenty
years, and ‘for a large portion of that time manufacturer for two of the larg-
est Music Stores in this city, feels warranted in saying that his instruments
will bear a favorable chmparison with those of the best makers in this coun-
try or Eurepe, and that they contain all the real improvements of the day.
Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and Repaired.
New York, April 23d. 1845.

PIANO FORTES,

THE Subscribers, while returning thanks to their

numerous friends, and to the public, would, at the same time, call atten-
tion to their Stock of Instruments, of six and seven octaves, just finished, in
elegant Rosewood and Mahogany cases.

The Subscribers, from their long experience in every department of the
business, have teen enabled to add several important improvements to the
action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove, upon examina-
tion, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM.

361 Broadway.

Manufactory 13th St., between 3d and 4th Avenues.
N. B.—A good second-hand Piano Forte for sale.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as iron frames,
&c., with a compass of 6 1/2 and 7 octaves. They are made from choice mate-
rials and highly finished, with the most faithful workmanship, the result of
23 years experience in the business.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO-FORTE MANUFACTURER,

88, 90, & 92 WALKER STREET, NEAR ELM.

A large stock of the finest Instruments always on hand.
TERMS MODERATE.

Bertini's Method for the Piano.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive

work yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this method
the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases. The most prom-
inent feature of this work is that the lessons, exercises, scales and studies, are
given in such PROGRESSIVE order, that they enlist the interest of pupils, and
carry them almost imperceptibly through those mechanical difficulties which,
otherwise are too often made irksome in other instruction books. The time
has arrived when a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account,
and it is only by the study of such methods as Bertini’s that pupils will been
abled to also music with facility, and at the tame time become good musi

cians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner ; the rud-
ments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and each lesson
is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

The publishers are in possession of the highest reccommendations from pro-
fessional gentleman, who speak of the superior merits of Bertini’s Method
over all others yet published in this country, most of them having used the
foreign copies previously. It will only be necessary to give a few of the
names in the principal cities.

Boston	New York.

Messrs. G. J. Webb.	Messrs. H. C Timm.

J. G Maedar.	W. Alpers.

H.	T. Hach			U. C. Hill

E. L. White.	F. H. Brown.

David Paine.	PHILADELPHIA

A. Kurek.	B. C. Cross.

T. B. Moses.	          Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw.

Professors	and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the work.

American edition published by E. H. WADE and W. H. OAKES, 197 Wash-
ington street, Boston.

F RILEY & CO., No.‘297 Broadway, (between

Reade and Duane streets,) New York, Publishers of Music, and Man-



ufacturers of Musical Instruments, wholesale and retail. In addition to their

own catalogue, (one of the largest in the United States,) they keep on hand

he publications of all the principal Music houses. They are erecting a large
Saloon in the rear of their store, where Piano Forte, of a superior quality,
will be constantly kept on hand.

272

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

NOW READY,

No. V. of

WILEY & PUTNAM’S
LIBRARY OF CHOICE READING,

CONTAINING SO MUCH OF “ THE DIARY OF

LADY WILLOUGHBY” as relates to her Domestic History, and to the
eventful period of the reign of Charles the First. 1 vol. 12mo. beautifully
printed in large dear type, on fine paper. Price 25 cents.

"This is a charming little work. It purports to be the domestic history of
Lady Willoughby, who lived in the seventeenth century, and the simple, but
antique style of language in which it is clothed, together with much that is
beautiful in expression, and an exquisitely well drawn picture of domestic life
among those of rank and consequence in olden time, stamps the work with
a novelty and interest which is quite rare. Price only twenty-five cents.
Cheap enough.”

[American Republican.]

IMPORTANT WORKS FOR PUBLIC LIBRARIES.

FOR SALE BY

BARTLETT & WELFORD, NEW YORK.

THE TRANSACTIONS OF THE ROYAL SOCI-

 ETY OF LONDON, or Philosophical Transactions, from the
commencement, in 1665 to 1800. By Drs. Hutton and Shaw ;
in 18 vols. 4 to., and from 1600 to 1835, in 36 vols., together
54 vols. royal, 4 to. uniformly bound in half calf.	$250 00

THE ARCHAEOLEGIA; or Miscellaneous Tracts, relating to
Antiquity, by the Society of Antiquaries of Sweden, complete
from the beginning in 1770 to 1843, in 30 vols. uniformly
bound in half russia.	225 00

 THE DELPHIN EDITION OF THE LATIN CLASSICS; by
Valpy, with various notes, the best edition, (published at £150
sterling) in 142 vols. 8 vo. boards.	200 00

PINKERTONS’ COLLECTIONS OF VOYAGES AND TRAV-
ELS in various parts of the world, 17 large vols., 4 to. half
bound in calf.	70 	00

BAYLE’S GREAT HISTORICAL AND CRITICAL DICTION-
ARY; by Des Maizeaux, best edition, 5 vols. folio, bound in
calf.	30 	00

ANDERSONS' BRITISH POETS; from Chaucer to Warton ; 14

vols. royal 8 vo. bound in calf extra.	40 00

COLONEL VYSE’S ACCOUNT OF OPERATIONS CARRIED
ON IN EXPLORING THE PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT; with
numerous plates; 3 vols. 4 to.	14	 00

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to

Duhois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assort-
ment of the larest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of the most superior
quality ; such as he is prepared to guarantee for their excellence of Tone.
Touch, and External Finish, and to endure in any climate. A liberal dis-

count from the standard prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano
Fortes aways on hire.

PRICE REDUCED TO $2 50.

THE WAVERLEY NOVELS.

Complete, 3340 pages for two dollars and a half.

CAREY & HART will publish this day, volume 1,—

Price 50 cents. of the Waverley Novels, with all the author's latest notes
and additions, complete, without the slightest abridgment.

Volume one contains—Waverley, Rob Roy, Guy Mannering, Black
Dwart, Antiquary, Old Mortality, or less than ten cents tor each novel.

The whole of the Waverley Novels to be completed in five royal 8vo. vo-
lumes, upwards of 650 pages in each volume, for Two Dollars and a half.

The publishers wish to be distinctly understood, that while the price is so
greatly reduced, the work is in noway abridged, but is carefully printed
from, and contains every word in the last Edinburgh edition, in forty-eight
volumes.

A volume containing at least five novels will be published every month,
and as the work is stereotyped, no delay can possibly occur.

•.•The trade will please forward their orders without delay.

CAREY & HART, Philadelphia.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

The first Premium awarded five years by the American Institute for the
best Specimen of Off-hand Penmanship.

GOLDSMITH'S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

NO. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons ol one hour each. Terms Reduced to TWO DOLLARS
AND A HALF.

Double Entry Book-Keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A M., 3, 5 3-4, and S P. M. daily for gentlemen
and from 11 to 1 o’clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems or Penmanship," elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

VANDENHOFF’S ELOCUTION.

A PLAIN SYSTEM OF ELOCUTION: OR, LOGI-

cal and Musical Reading and Declamation, with Exercises in Prose and
Verse, distinctly marked for the guidance of the Ear and Voice of the Pupil:
to which is added, AN APPENDIX, containing a copious Practice in Orator-
ical, Poetical, and Dramatic Reading and Recitation: the whole forming a
Complete Speaker, well adapted to private pupils, classes, and the use of
schools; by G. Vandenhoff, Professor of Elocution in the City of New
York. Second Edition.	Published by C. SHEPARD,

191 Broadway, opposite John st.

From the Rev. R. T. Huddart, (Classical Academy, Houston street.)

It affords me much pleasure to add my testimony to the value, importance,
and advantage of Mr. George Vandenhoff’s Work on Elocution. He has
aptly styled it “ a plain System:” such it truly is to those who will pursue
the instruction given, step by step; and cannot fail of producing a beneficial
and much wished for result in one of the departments of education so sadly
neglected—correct reading—devoid of vulgarities, and errors in articulation
and pronunciation. I hope the book will have a wide circulation, in order
that the good which it is capable of effecting may be thus more extensively
diffused, and a better system of instruction be afforded to the rising genera-
tion. in that which constitutes a mist agreeable accomplishment in every
gentleman’s education, namely, “ Logical and Musical Declamation.”

(Signed)	R. Townsend Huddart.

New York, March 14, 1845.

From Mrs. Lawrence, (Academy, Stuyvesant Place.)

1 have great pleasure in stating, that Mr. G. Vandenhoff’s work on Elocu-
tion has been used with so much success in my school, that I can safely re-
commend it to all, who may desire improvement in that elegant branch of
education ; as the most simple, clear and concise treatise on the subject ; and
well adapted to the comprehension of any mind.

(signed)	Julia Lawrence.

March 8th, 1845.

From Jacob La Roy, Esq., (Lafayette Place.)

Mr. Vandenhoff's Treatise on Elocution has been used by a Class of La-
dies at my house, and has been found in every way adapted to produce its
intended effect.	(Signed)	Jacob Le Roy.

24th March, 1845.

KNICKERBOCKER FOR MAY, 1845.

ORIGINAL PAPERS.

Art. I. Sketch of Mirabeau B. Lamar, by Francis Copcutt.

2.	Stanzas to Fanny, by Albert Pike, Esq.

3.	A Pioneer Sketch ; drawn from Nature.

4.	A Thirst for Love, by John H. Rheyn.

6. The Pharisecism of the Age.

6.	Lines to my Sister, by Fanny Forrester.

7.	Morus Multicaulis at Tinnecum: a Sketch.

8 Some Thoughts on Dreams.

9.	A Ditty, by John Waters.

10.	Necessity for a National Literature.

11.	The Foreign Missionary’s Call; a Dream.

12.	A Chapter on Middies, by Ned Buntline.

13.	Thoughts in Spring lime.

14.	The Seven Tyrants; from the French of Mennais.

15.	Heart Wishes, by Susan Pindar.

16.	An Invocation, by Albert Pike, Esq.

17.	The St. Leger Papers. Number Three.

18.	Temperance Dick ; an Epigram.

19.	Lines on the Death of a Beloved Child.

20.	My Grandfather’s House, by Hans Von Spiegel.

21.	Epitaph on a Poor Man.

Literary Notices.

1.	Eothen: Travels in the East.

2.	The North American Review for April.

3.	Correspondence between Schiller and Goethe.

4.	Essays by Theophilus Parsons.

5.	Hill’s Elementary Treatise on Arithmetic..

Editor’s Table.

Literary Record.

This day Published by JOHN ALLEN.

Ap. 26.	139 Nassan Street.

DISEASES OF THE TEETH

	Washington, D. C., May, 1844.

 The neglect of the Teeth is the cause of much suffering
and regret, and should not be disregarded by the most thoughtless.
The undersigned having received the benefit of Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s
professional skill, and believing him well qualified in the science of
Dental Surgery, and an accomplished and skillful operator, we most
cheerfully certify to the ease and safety with which Dr. B. performs
the various and important operations, so essential to the usefulness,
durability, and beauty of the Teeth.

Hon. J. W. M. Berrien, Geo. Hon. John B. Dawson, La,
Joshua Herrick, Me.	John H. Lumpkin, Geo.

James Irvin, Pa.	J. Thompson, Miss.

Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s Office and Residence, 103 Liberty st., New York.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL,

Redding & Co., .... Boston, Mass,

Colon & Adriance,	.	.	. Philadelphia, Pa.

R. G. H. Huntington, •	.	.	Hartford, Ct.

George Jones, .... Albany,N. Y.
Thomas H. Pease,	.	.	.	New Haven, Ct.

John Douglas, Printer, 68 Ann Street.