THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. I.

Three Dollars per Annum.
Single Copies 61/4 Cents.

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 28, 1845.

C. F. BRIGGS, EDGAR A. POE, H. C. WATSON, EDITORS.

NO. 26.

Published at 135 Nassau-St.
By JOHN BISCO.

THE ADVENTURES OF A GENTLEMAN IN SEARCH OF A DINNER.

RELATED BY HIMSELF.

(Continued.)

The Franklin Coffee House, though very far from being a
Todgerses, is patronized only by commercial gentlemen, who
either live “up town,” or lodge in their stores. They are
early diners of course, and I found the coffee-room almost de-
eerted, for it was past five when I entered. One or two Bir-
mingham and Manchester agents, gentleman who deal in fish- 
hooks and spool-cotton, were finishing their dinners with
brandy and water, and a bit of cheese and a tart. I was quite 
appalled at the looks of the waiter, who seemed to say ; “ in-
deed, sir, you don’t think of axing for dinner at this time o’day ?”
With a half eagle in my pocket, I would not have cared a cop-
per for their impertinent looks, but it struck me that it would
be regarded as a very suspicious circumstance to ask for credit
at that unseasonable hour, and I perceived on glancing my eye
towards the bar that my friend, the fat proprietor was absent.
My appetite had been sharpened to the extremest point of en-
durance by a peep at the larder, but I was yet able to preserve
something like self-respect. I will not forfeit my honor, I
said, if I starve for it; and then an idea popped into my head, 
which must have been striving a long while for entrance ; it
was the most unaccountable thing in the world, that I should
never once have thought of going in pursuit of the cab-driver 
to recover my half eagle. I started on the instant, forgetting 
in my hurry the cravings of my stomach, and just as I was 
turning the corner of Nassau street, I heard somebody call 
me by name. Looking round I perceived my friend Skillet, 
in a Rockaway waggon.

“ How are you, F.,” said Skillet, checking his horse.

“ Very well,” I replied, “but don’t stop me, I am half dead.” 
“ Are you so, then jump into my waggon and_let me give 
you a lift.”

This was kind, and although I preferred not being jostled 
over the pavements in my condition, yet as I should get to the
end of my journey the sooner for it, I accepted of his invitation. 

“ Now, F.,” said Skillet, “ you have often promised to call 
upon Mrs. Skillet, but you never have done so. Come, go
home with me and take a cup of tea. I live in Seventieth street, 
and I will send you home at nine.”

A cup of tea to a man in my situation!

“ By the way, what have you got in that basket which I saw 
hanging under your waggon ?"

“ Nothing, but a smoked salmon and some radishes;” re- 
plied Skillet.	

Smoked salmon and radishes, bread and butter, cakes, pre- 
served fruits, strawberries and cream, a cup of delicious young hyson, and perhaps something else, flashed through my thoughts. 
“ I will go upon one condition,” I said.

“ Name it, name it;" said Skillet.	

“ That you give me some of that salmon for my supper.” 
“Agreed. Jump in.”

Accordingly, I did jump in—to the fire, out of the frying- 
pan in which I was suffering at the time	

Skillet kept talking to me all the way about his business,

 his importations, sales and losses ; but I could understand
nothing that he said, my thoughts were so busy with the smok-
ed salmon. I had no intention of letting this trifling supper at
Skillet’s go for a dinner. No. The dinner I would have the
 next day, and so I meant to just blunt the edge of my appetite
on salmon and so forth, and satisfy myself, with a good hearty
 dinner of the most recherche description, at three o’clock pre-
 cisely the next day. I could not wait until five. And then,
such a dinner as I would eat, should be a caution to a French
 cook ! In the meantime a good meal of broiled salmon, with
other little delicacies, might well pass as a substitute for a
 dinner, with a person of my moderate desires. The cottage
of my friend Skillet was in 70th street, near the Hudson, and
quite a distance from any other dwelling. He called it an
English cottage, but for what reason I never could learn. It
was a little bit of a Greek temple with Venetian blinds in the
place of triglyphs, and two Gothic chimneys in the centre. I
had never dined with Skillet, for I had heard that his wife was
one of those nuisances in a man’s house, who gives his friends
unequivocal intimation that she only tolerates them because
she must. But Skillet, who ought to know what sort of a
person he has got for a help-meet, should not make his friends
partakers of his own misery, by inviting them to his house. It
 is neither generous nor humane.

 Skillet’s horse was a good traveller, and we reached his
 cottage in very good season. The jostling over the pavements
had rather increased my appetite, and made me anxious to
 learn whether the salmon was a large one or not.

Skillet jumped out first and immediately exclaimed, “ F., I
am ruined ! The basket is gone.”

 “ Not the basket with the salmon, surely,” I said, “ it can’t

 be possible.”

“ Yes, upon my soul,” said Skillet, deliberately, “ the string
by which it was fastened broke, and I suppose some hod-carrier
will eat it for his supper. However, we will give you some-
thing in the place of it. Mrs. Skillet has got supper on the
table I dare say.”

We walked into the cottage and I was introduced to Mrs.
Skillet. What could have induced the man to marry such a
woman! Mrs. S. was a —-. But I will not waste words

upon such an icicle. An icicle ! Let me recall the simile.
An icicle will melt, but nothing could melt such a dry stick as
Mrs. Skillet. One thing I will say of her; she kept her house
like wax-work, as the vulgar say. It was curiously clean, and
glossy. The tea-table was spread in the hall, a rather capa-
cious one with a straw carpet on the floor, very cool and pleas-
ant. I would not, or rather I dared not trust myself to look at
the table, lest I should be tempted to commit some impropriety.
Skillet showed me his library, consisting almost entirely of
new works and illustrated Bibles, for he was fond of light
reading and his wife was pious ; he then took me into his gar-
den and gave me the history of all his vegetables, besides
telling me a long story about a grape vine which some people
called a scuppernong, and others a golden chasselas. All this
time I was in the greatest impatience conceivable, thinking of
the supper and trying to get a scent of something broiling.

402

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Even after the servant had summoned us to tea, Skillet insist-
ed that I should stop and examine his dahlias which were only 
a foot above ground. At last we went into the house and
found Mrs. Skillet at the table. The prospect was dreadful,
but there was something to hope for, a covered dish in the
centre of the table might contain, oysters—mutton chops—
warm or cold chicken—anything that was good and solid, al-
though, from its size it could not contain much of anything let it
be what it would. Besides the covered dish there was noth-
ing upon the table but a few slices of bread, a plate of dry
rusk, a butter plate and the tea equipage, as Skillet called it. 
How could a gentleman and a Christian set a hungry friend 
down to such a table. However, I do not blame Skillet; the 
fault was his wife’s. But slender as the prospect seemed, I 
was in a hurry to realize some of the promises before me.
Mrs. Skillet must prolong my sufferings by asking a blessing.
And then with a most unthankful look she asked me if I took
sugar and cream in my tea. I took both, of course, but the
cream was a thin bluish substance, that resembled milk and
water, and she poured it out of the cream-jug in a little slender
stream as though it were some precious essence. Skillet
reached the bread and I caught two slices and they were gone
in a moment, and then I took two more and the plate was
empty. Mrs. S. looked amazed and called for more bread.
The centre dish still remained covered and my eyes were
fixed intently upon it, which Skillet perceived and said, “ my
dear, what have you got here ?" he raised the cover, and, what
do you think was revealed to my longing sight ? But you
never could think.

It was a dish of red currants !

I must have shown my disappointment, for Skillet himself
blushed, and looking up said, “perhaps you would like a relish
of some kind ?”

" Well, to tell the truth, I would,” I replied.

Mrs. Skillet said she believed there was some cold mutton in
the pantry, and ordered Bridget to bring it.

Cold mutton! I think I never listened to two words which
fell so pleasantly upon my hearing. Cold mutton! There
must be a leg, or a breast, at least. I am not only fond of
mutton, but I am particularly fond of it cold ; perhaps she will
bring a pickle and mustard with it, who knows. And I think
I could eat even a cold potatoe with a relish. These thoughts
and many more flitted through my mind while Bridget was
gone. By and by I heard her approaching, I looked up as
she entered and there was nothing in her hand. The cat had
got into the pantry and eaten the mutton.

“ Well, well,” said Skillet, “ I will kill that cat if I live to
catch her.”

“ It’s of no consequence, my dear,” said his wife, “ there 
was but little of it.”

I had now no hopes of anything, and I ate two or three
more slices of bread and butter and a rusk which only set my
appetite sharper. The tea was good. I will give Mrs. Skil-
let credit for that. As for the currants, I didn’t touch them.

Perhaps I am violating the rights of hospitality in thus ex-
posing the economy of my friend's table, but it appears to me
that it is one of those cases that require exposure. If a man
will impose upon his friends he should be made an example of.
To think of setting a dry rusk and a saucer of currants before
me, who had eaten nothing in twenty-four hours. However,
a dinner, and a good one too I was determined to have; no
supper, nor breakfast would satisfy me, else I would have
gone directly from Skillet’s to Florence's or Downing's, and
gorged myself with oysters or lobsters, or something of that
kind. Skillet perceived that I was discontented about some-
thing, although, I am not sure that he understood the right
cave, and proposed taking me home. I was glad enough to 

go, and as we rode into town, although the night was ex-
tremely dark I kept a sharp look-out for the lost basket with
the salmon, determined, if we found it, to make Skillet go back
and have some broiled for my supper, but we did not find it,
and after I reached home I bade my friend good night in a
very ill-tempered mood.

Suddenly I encountered my two old chums, the best fellows
in the world and my very dearest friends S. and L. They had
just arrived from Boston, and, like myself, were as hungry as
a cross-cut saw. “ Come, go with us and get some oysters,”
said L.

“No,” I replied, “I am saving my appetite for dinner to-
morrow.”

They both laughed vociferously at my answer, and taking
hold of my arms, said “that I should go with them.”

“Well,” said I, “ my friends, I will go with you, but I will
eat none of your oysters. But If you are disposed to treat
me, I will eat a piece of smoked salmon.”

“ Smoked salmon !” exclaimed both together ; “ have you
lost your senses, F. ?”

“Almost,” I said, “but they have been wandering after a
bit of smoked salmon.”

Here, the merry creatures broke into a boisterous laugh
again, and the next moment I found myself in a cellar; where
there was a crowd of people intently occupied in swallowing
oysters. The place was .new to me, but it seemed like an old
establishment, for the tables and chairs were ricketty, the walls
were black with smoke, and the waiters were gray headed
negroes ; the only sounds heard were the grating of the oyster
knives, and the constant smack of the lips among the oyster
eaters. There were no flaunting red curtains, no gilding, no
salacious paintings, no ornaments of any kind about the place.
It was simply an oyster cellar, so dark and damp that the bi-
valves might have fancied themselves in their native mud, until
roused from their delusion by the prick of the oyster-knife.

“ Come,” said L., “ give your order,” and as he said it he
winked at S., as though there was some secret understanding
between them.

“ Bring me,” said S., “ two dozen of Shrewsburys in the
shell, a French roll, a lemon, some butter, a plate of water-
cresses, and the least drop in the world of Seignette with a
lump of ice.”

“ Ditto for me,” said L., “ and don’t forget a napkin.”

The waiter was about to disappear when I said, “ you forget
me, my friends.”

“ O, a tooth-pick for F.,” said L., calling the waiter back.

“ No, not a tooth-pick, but a bit of salmon broiled,” I ex-
claimed, while the sweat began to start from every pore.

The next moment the Shrewsburys, the lemon, roll, butter,
cresses, and so forth, were put upon the table and my two
friends began to eat. O, it was a sight to see them suck in
the oysters, while I sat with my mouth running like a Croton
hydrant, and they not offering me an oyster. It is true that I
had positively declined eating any, but still, as my salmon had
not been brought, they might have said, “ F., won’t you take
an oyster !” I knew that I should have been welcome, but I
had a strange delicacy of feeling about taking one without be-
ing invited.

In a very short time the Shrewsburys had disappeared and
nothing but the shells remained. My friends smacked their
lips with infinite satisfaction, and directly the old white-headed
negro re-appeared.

“ Come,” said S., “ give your order,” and he winked again
at L."

“ Let me see,” said L., “ shall we have the fried or broiled
first?"

403

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

“ The broiled, the broiled, by all means,” said S.

“ Salmon, of course;" said I.

“No, oysters;” said L. “ Waiter, bring us two dozen of
broiled oysters, let them be done to a turn, well buttered but
not peppered, more French rolls, a head of fresh lettuce, and
a small bottle of chateau Margaux.”

“ Ditto for me,” said S.

“ But, my friends,” said I, “ you forget the salmon.”

[To be continued.]

BRITISH CRITICISMS ON AMERICAN ART.

The late London papers contain several notices of American
works of Art at present in that city. Among them we find the
following on a portrait by Inman, in the Exhibition of the Royal
Academy, which we have extracted from the Art-Union.

“Portrait of Mrs. G. Putnam. H. Inman. This work is
hung so high that it is difficult to distinguish its nicer qualities.
The style is retiring, and the general color managed with much
delicacy. Mr. Inman is the leading portrait painter of Ameri-
ca, and merits the high fame he has recently obtained in his
own country. He has recently visited England, where he has
painted portraits of Chalmers, Wordsworth, and other ‘great
men.’ These we have seen, and consider among the best
works of modem art. There are, indeed, few of our own artists
who could surpass them. The picture here exhibited may be
good or may be bad; the hangers have left the matter at all
events a question,”

Mr. Doughty has a landscape in the exhibition of the Royal
Academy, which, like Mr. Inman’s picture, is also hung out of
sight. It is thus noticed in the Art-Union:

“ We are deprived of the power to inspect this picture from
its being hung so high. All we can say is that the view seems
to have been selected with judgment, and made the most of, as
to general effect; and if it be as good as, or better than, pro-
ductions of his pencil with which we are acquainted, it is a pic-
ture which ought, in common justice, to have been placed more
on a level with the eye.”

We have seen no notices of either of the other American
pictures in the Exhibition. Probably they were hung so that
they could not be seen at all. The Art-Union notices a picture
by Howard, R. A., in the following terms: “ Placed as this pro-
duction is, upon the line, and in one of the most prominent situ-
ations in the best room, we feel called upon to speak of the
work in terms of decided condemnation. Men who, like the
contributors from Germany, Belgium and America, have been
subjected to gross indignities by the British Royal Academy,
will naturally institute comparisons between their degraded ‘ of-
ferings’ and such lamentable exposing as this.”

The “ Greek Slave” by Powers, has been very generally
praised by the London journals, and one of his female busts is
pronounced by Mr. Titmarsh, in Frazer’s Magazine, to be the
best one in the exhibition. The Art-Union says of the statue :
“ In a few words, we pay the artist the highest compliment that
can be offered : it is insufficient to say that the work reminds us
of the antique,—it competes successfully with the best remnants
of Greek Art.” The criticism of the Athenaeum is more par-
ticular, but quite as flattering ; it is the best that we have seen,
and therefore we copy it, as it will give a very good idea of the
work:

“ We have seen a statue, by an American artist, Mr. Hiram
Powers, which its purchaser, Mr. Grant, has brought over from
Florence; and, with the zeal of a generous patron, has sent
for exhibition to the rooms of Mr. Graves, the print-seller in
Pall Mall,—determined, as he declares, to make the public
sharers in his admiration of the sculptor. Our readers may re-
member that Mrs. Trollope, in her ‘ Visit to Italy,’ gave some
account of this artist,—whom she had fallen in with at Cincin-
natti, a mere modeller of wax figures, and afterwards at Flor-
ence, in the flush of his ripened talent and an Italian fame.
The work in question has in fact attracted a great deal of no-

tice ; and during the short period of its exhibition, Mr. Grant

has, we understand, had several offers for its -purchase—the

Duke of Southerland and the Marquis of Northampton having
been named to us as among the parties who have been desirous
to possess themselves of it. Its present proprietor, however,
will dispose of it only to a public institution. With the Na-
tional Gallery or the British Museum he is willing to treat, for
the honor of the artist; but if the work is to be confined to a
private gallery, he chooses that gallery to be his own. His de-
termination has, however, done better for the sculptor than any
transfer of the statue in question ; it being understood that Mr.
Grant, who is about to return to Florence, takes with him sev-
eral commissions for the young American. The figure in ques-
tion is certainly a very remarkable work,—and might be thought
still more so as the work of an American, were it not remem-
bered that the sculptor has been for ten or a dozen years past
resident in Florence, where his genius has fed on the Greek
inspiration, and outlived, it may be supposed, the chastening
apprehension of the prudes at home.

“ The work represents a Greek Captive; and professes to em-
body a historical fact—the exposure of female slaves for sale in
a Turkish bazaar, during one of the early Greek revolutions.
The figure is entirely naked; and the nudity, in this case, is of
a peculiarly daring character, exactly in as far as it is historical
and not spontaneous—because, instead of being, like some of
the finest figures of the same class, abstractions of loveliness,
in which the sense of nakedness is subdued by the suggestion
of privacy and the sentiment of utter unconsciousness,—the
rich proportions are, in this instance, presented with a direct
view to their voluptuous character and intention, and make the
same appeal to the critic’s judgment of merely physical form,
which they are supposed to be at the moment making in the
sensualist’s market. There is no escaping from this aspect of
the work; and the very sentiment of shame and disgust which
mingles with the sorrow on the sweet face, only enforces that
impression,—being a further and most expressive reference to
the subject. It is a great mistake on the artist’s part to have
placed his figure in such a predicament—to have chosen a story
like this as the vehicle for an exhibition of its beauties ; and in
this view of it, it is an additional misfortune that the sculptor’s
type of female form is a somewhat massive one—the mortal
proportions submitted to no process of refining or idealizing.—
The story, however, received as legitimate, is powerfully told.
The character and sentiment of the situation are conveyed with
a masterly hand. Nothing need surpass the ease and freedom
of attitude and movement, or the simplicity of manner by
which they are attained. The composition and modelling are
of first rate excellence; the former so skilfully arranged, that
no view of the figure can be taken which does not bring into
combination many of the fine effects of the latter. There are
parts of the execution, especially in the back of the figure, full
of fine lines and beautiful hints—which exhibit a hand of high
power. When we speak of the massive character of the
beauty of this work, perhaps we should qualify the expression
by some explanation of our meaning. If this figure be tested
by some of the finest antiques, or by a work like Baily’s
‘ Nymph,’ now in the Academy, it should be born in mind that,
in each of those, there is a selection of features and proportions
—real and human in themselves, but combined and assorted,
after the sculptor’s sense of beauty, into a shape which takes
thus the character of the ideal. But this is a real woman—liv-
ing and acting and suffering—flesh in its earthly proportions—a
Greek slave—a figure which, in sentiment and form, may stand
for the ‘ Ionian Myrrha;’ and it is modelled with a careful study
and anatomical observance which some of our sculptors might
do well to consult. The figure is wrought out of a beautiful
block of Serravezza marble ; and there are some of its muscular
accidents which imitate the flesh in a manner quite marvellous
for such a substance. The modem Greek costume is displayed
on a column, on which the right hand of the Captive rests ;
and the Cross is there, to express her religion and country. The
chains on the wrist are not historical, but used as accessories,
and have a very clever application in the composition. We
know not if the Transatlantic mind be sufficiently expanded out
of its conventional proprieties, since Mrs. Trollope’s day, to re-
ceive a latitudinarian artist like Mr. Powers with the honors
of ‘ a prophet in his own country ;’—but certain it is, that, by
his means, the Americans may boast of a sculptor in Europe.”

Laughing Gas.—The Tribune has employed Professor Bacon
to administer doses of this exhilirating substance to its read-
ers. Two doses have already been given, and a third promised

404

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

CORRESPONDENCE BETWEEN A MOTHER AND GOVERNESS.

My Dear Friend :—I am quite easy about my children, as
they are left in your care, and my mind, free from anxiety, is
open to any passing enjoyment which the state of my health
allows me to partake. I took a drive of a few miles yesterday
with my brother, whose conversation with all his variety of
entertaining knowledge, made it very pleasant. I told him I
intended, on my return, to furnish my garden with native plants,
the shrubs as well as the small flowers, and among the rest,
the cornet, but he says, though variety is good, the virburnam
is more beautiful. He remarked also, that the species of su-
mach, that hears green flowers is the finest; but as the red
flowers are prettier, he should like to have both. I took a
walk by the brook, that runs through his farm, while he visited
a patient who lives near. When he joined me, he said, his
patient had consulted, formerly, an inefficient practitioner,
whose doses were always too small. My brother says, when
you hit the nail upon the head you should strike hard enough
to drive it in. This man’s practice is, as if I should put a few
grains of belladonna into this stream, and then tell my patients
to come drink the water and be cured. I was much pleased
with my ramble ; the cardinal, monkey flower, and snakehead,
were blooming by the brook, with a few lingering specimens
of the elegant hybrid loose-strife. I had a glance at a dis-
tance of a marmot, eating the grass, and walking through the
wood, where grew the splendid yellow gerardin ; I saw the
entrance to his subterraneous abode, in which he is as safe and
secure as a nobleman in his castle. If the brute creation are
not, as the Egyptians thought, proper objects of worship,
watching their ways may well lead the thoughts to the Divinity.
My brother visited another patient, who had not taken his
medicines, and with just resentment he was going to abandon
him, but I dissuaded him, as I thought if he did, it would dis-
tress the patient’s mother. My brother is unfortunate in hav-
ing a very sickly wife, who is prohibited by ill health, from the
activity, that would make her either happy in herself, or use-
ful to others. I pity her for this, and also for the censures, to
which she is subjected by not mixing with the world. Public
opinion subjects her to the same ordeal the witches were liable
to in old times, for she can prove herself in no way unequal to
the common engagements of life, but by dying. She some-
times thinks that my brother had better followed in his choice
the ideas of Aikin and Combe, but he does not repent of it, as
he loves his wife. She is uncomfortable, notwithstanding her
husband’s love, for she is stretched on Procrustes’ bed, and the
neighbors (neighbors) remark, “ she would not be sick, if she
did not think she was, and one never sees the inside of her
house.” My brother has educated in part his wife’s nephew,
whose mother is a widow, and who, like himself, takes greatly
to natural history, botany especially. This youth’s mother,
an energetic woman, is justly anxious, that her son, above
everything should learn to get a living, and she tells him that
while he is looking at the lining of the nests of birds, he will
not learn to feather his own nest, and when inquiring so much,
what the birds eat for breakfast, he will perhaps come short of
a provision for his own dinner. I shall stay here sometime
longer, as my health is manifestly improving under my brother’s
care.	Yours,

E------- M--------.

P. S. Tell Ruth next time she broils a chicken, to put a
plate on it in which a flat-iron is to be set, to press it down ;
something I saw done here with great advantage.

Dear Mrs. M--------, Do not trust me too much. I will not

thank you for your expressions of confidence, it would be so
base in me not to mean to do all I can. I am sensible I can

 only be a slender auxiliary to a mother. I shall often be stupid,
 I fear sometimes sleep at my post. We too are collecting
flowers, insects also interest the children ; other pursuits are
somewhat overlooked just now, for when the tide drives to a
good port I like to take advantage of it. You can imagine
 how it seems here, such a spreading of petals, creeping, flut-
 tering, and leaping all around. Something new is discovered,
and flown up to, and made a prize of in every walk. The
 young folks are for doing little else at present but gather the
 golden sands, of the temporary stream that is washing them
down. All our botanical and entomological books are drawn
from their winter repose, and heaped up on the table. When
they go back to the shelves, we shall wake to other things.
Much delight was expressed with your plan of bringing home
for loving companions, the beautiful ornaments of the woods.
Your fresh enthusiasm reminds me of the time when we were

turning about to come home from----------Swamp, loaded with

the great laurel and you said, “ don’t you think we are as bad
as Lord Elgin, when he robbed Athens of its marbles.” The
thing will not be quite what the children anticipate, though a
very good measure. They are not so well aware as I, that
the forest-flower in the garden is shorn of its natural glories,
the shady place, the sudden appearance, the lovely carpet of
quiet brown leaves or grass, on which it sets its delicate foot,
the tripping stream, the picturesque gray rock, the majestic
tree it smiles upon. The children have begun to count up the
viburnums among the shrubs. You must have, James says,
every species. It is pleasant to see the various members of a
genus side by side. I love much to contemplate the genus

M------together. James, you know, wants nothing less than

a cornucopia in his hand all the time. The firm Alfred frowns,
and says, “ get one first, and see if we can make it live.” He
and Mary have been looking very assiduously for a trientales
gone to seed. They are quite excited about it, it had so sel-
dom been seen ; even Linnaeus, of whom the flower was a
darling, failed. Smith decribes it, as in harmony with its
general beauty, its delicate petals or petal, its slender stems
stamens like hairs, its circle of pointed-filing leaves corres-
ponding with its circle of pointed petals, leaves so thin and
expanded that if endowed with locomotion, it would naturally
float on the air. As Smith’s description may not be at hand,
and you might be induced to join in the search for the rarity, I
will copy it. “The spreading valves of the capsule are highly
polished internally, and the seeds are enveloped in a most
elegant white net-work.”

This morning, Edith, reading of the lilies of Palestine, that
surpassed the magnificence of Solomon, wished to know what
flower was meant. I looked in Sprengel’s Flora Biblica, and,
to my surprise, did not find it. None in the list can, I think,
have been so often the subject of inquiry. These wondrous
lines and hues of beauty, lavished on so transient a splendor,
were never viewed so holily by other eyes. It shames those
who, giving thanks for the “ fruitful season,” are blind to the
divine gift of flowers.

Did you ever observe Homer's love of flowers ? Mercury,
sent on a message to Calypso, is charmed with the flowers he
finds on her island—the violet and (Sprengel says) the celery.

“ Herme’s, Heaven's messenger, admiring stood."

The Greeks looked upon the celery, (called parsley by our
translators,) I find, as a plant of dignity. It was sacred to the
infernal gods, and crowned the victor in the Isthmian games.

I am indebted for this to Sprengel’s Flora Homerica.

James has become quite a nice observer. He entertains
uncle and mother too, and wonders they overlooked the green
flowers that in all the sumachs precede the berries, whether
crimson-haired or green. I should not repeat this except to
the meet ingenuous of mothers.

405

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

The young naturalist must become a clergyman, have a
country parish, and produce for us here such charming epistles
as we owe to White of Selborne. Do you remember how we
longed for this book when we first met with Miss Edgeworth’s
mention of it, and how I at last sent to England for it? (When
shall I be so much interested again about any similar innocent
little thing ?) The brute, or the “ mute” creation have had
their early day here—savage reverence; the naturalists and
poets are crowding along now, to look to its flowers. The
American poets have certainly celebrated them more warmly
and graphically than any other poets. Who, in England, have
ever worshipped Flora like Bryant, Street, and Emerson ?

If I had more time, I would write more. You may suppose
all are well, and, still better, active.	N----- S-----.

Mrs. M----- to Mrs. S----.

Dear Mrs. : In this compelled absence from my children,
I can never enough congratulate myself upon having such a
substitute as you. I think their iron axe being lost in the pool,
they have found a golden one.

My young naturalist, as you call him, is still pursuing plants
in the fields and woods. He says he has analyzed all within
five miles; but he must not believe this fully. He came home
the other day, and showed a handfull of asters to my brother,
who remarked, that Cowley called all flowers stars; and the
other day, when he brought home grass of Parnassus, that he
thought that must be what Pegassus lived on. I overheard the
chambermaid say to the cook the other day, “ Mr. Henry has
got something he calls asters, but he does not speak it right—
he means oysters; but they are not so nice as Chaney ones.’’
“ That angelico that he got,” said she, “ is a beautiful airb.”
The cook wonders at Mr. Henry for keeping caterpillars; they
are, she says, only fit to tread on; and she despises butterflies,
both as being common and because they spring from something
so mean as a caterpillar—having, you see, a great regard for
honorable descent. I enclose you a little bagatelle of Henry.

The Cherrybird to Sylvanus Dewberry, Esq.

Sir : As I do not belong to a literary race, you may be sur-
prised to receive a letter from me ; but I was reminded, by the
sealing-wax on my wings, to make this beginning of an epis-
tolary correspondence. As I am a near relation to the Waxen
Chatterer of England, it is not to be wondered at that I should
have some sociability. Travellers are naturally communica-
tive, and I am a great one—having come to visit you from the
flowery plains of Mexico; making a short sojourn, as I passed
along, in the southern and middle States.

But I like temperate climates, where grow cherries and
mulberries; for those juicy fruits are my favorite food. On
the fourth of July, (which the cherries make a day of jubilee
to me,) I hear a great deal said of the rights of men, and I wish
to put in a word of appeal, in behalf of the claims of cherry-
birds. Gratitude is said to be a just debt; and why should you
not then be willing to reward the services, and celebrate the
merits, of the cherry-birds ? Birds, as well as men, love glory
and good fare. America commemorates, by a granite monu-
ment, the heroes of the Revolution. England gave Blenheim
to the illustrious Duke of Marlborough; and the splendors of
Apsley-House attest the nation’s gratitude to the conqueror of
Waterloo. But though my brethren and I have spent days in
devouring the pernicious canker-worm, small thanks do we get
from you and other owners of orchards. You set a boy of 
straw to guard your cherry-trees, (which though, after we got
acquainted with him, we did not mind;) it is conclusive evi-
dence you did not make us welcome to your cherries. Yours, 
you call them; but we think there is great reason to conclude 

they were designed for us—there is so great a correspond-
ence and adaptation between our wings and the place where
they grow. But lately I saw a boy climbing a cherry-tree, and,
venturing upon too slender a limb, (which, however, would
have supported many cherry-birds,) down he came to the
ground; and, as he went limping along, I suppose he has learned
not again to attempt an enterprise, for which wings, a light
body, and hollow bones, would alone qualify him. When you
could not, with your stuffed boy, frighten us away, your son
comes against us with a gun, so as to leave us no alternative
but to die, either by shot or hunger. You are so blundering,
you come to attack us with a blunderbuss, and cannot distin-
guish your friends from enemies ; but on the faith of a bird, if
you grudge us our reward in cherries and mulberries, we will
let the canker-worm, in future, destroy, without let or moles-
tation, your apple-trees and elms.

Besides, I saw the laborers, under your directions, with a
sickle, doing what you call cutting up bushes, but I call it de-
stroying the orchard of the birds. From your avarice, you
cannot spare a small piece of land for the pinipee, holly, cornel,
and myrtle-berry.

You take our lives when you do take that whereon we live.
At thanksgiving you will eat, with relish, the nice pie made of
apples that the cherry-bird has saved, without remembering his
services. Before that time, the cold weather will have driven
us to the flowery plains of Mexico. There, what with insects
and fruits, I can get my living, (which I learned in Yankee-
land,) though debarred from my favorite food—the juicy fruits
of the North. I wonder your heart is not softened towards us
by our rare beauty, (your race loves beauty,) our silken, fawn-
colored plumage, brilliant eye, and elegant crest. But, ex-
hausted with such an unusual exertion, I must draw to a con-

 clusion. Shocked with your inhospitable reception, we will

 leave you. Cherry and cedar-trees grow in other places; and,
if it is our lot to find other States and countries as churlish,
mean, and grudging as you are, we can lay down in death upon
our mother earth.

The Cherry-bird, alias the Cedar-bird.

So much for our kind-hearted naturalist.

DESULTORY THOUQHTS.

BY A SCRIBBLER.

'Opu  kav oreyavololv
Onws npenel ta vevka
podois kpiva nvaxevra

______ Anacreon.

No. I.

I like sometimes to take up my pen and let it run on at ran-
dom, without the trouble of confining it to any one object, or
definite end. To be sure, there is the old difference be-
tween easy writing and easy reading, which is apt, on such oc-
casions, to stare one uncomfortably in the face ; but readers not
unfrequently happen to be in the same mood, and are glad to
escape from the weight of fixing the intellect on an elaborate
essay, content to let the languid attention follow the artist’s
pen, without much caring about the connexion or individuality
of the subjects. To these easy-minded persons I address my-
self now ; certain, at least, that if my easy writings prove not
to be easy reading, it will soon cease to be any species of read-
ing whatsoever. Every literary man must find, in the course
of his studies, that detached thoughts and reflections arise and
are stored up, which are never called for in the train of his re-
gular pursuits, and such desultory scribbling as this serves to
brighten them up and leads him to recal old times and associa-
tions, the memory of which is indeed sweet

406

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Eheu fugaces, Posthume, Posthume,

Labuntur anni'

I have been looking to-day over some of my favorites among
the lesser stars of the Minor Greek Poets, for whom I feel an
especial reverence, as having afforded me many a delightful
hour. I regret much to see, despite other evidences of the
advancement and improvement of our country, how little the old
masters of the heart are cultivated and appreciated among us.
One of the most favored of us, on leaving his studies, has, per-
chance, been driven through three books of Homer, a tragedy
of Euiripides, and an ode or two of Pindar. Thoroughly disgust-
ed with the whole, from alpha to omega, he casts them aside
with all haste, and ever afterwards thinks of them but as the
forced tasks of his boyhood. This is not as it should be. Leav-
ing out of consideration the acknowledged great ones of antiqui-
ty, over whom every college youth trips and stumbles, there is
a fund of the truest genius among the minor poets of Greece
alone almost sufficient to repay the time and labor of learning
the language ; and yet they are scarcely known in this country,
even by name. Who, that is acquainted with the treasures that
lie concealed in the Greek Anthology, the charming creations of
Philip of Thessalonica, Macedonius the Consul, Julian the
Egyptian, Posidippus, Antipater of Sidonia, Antiphilus, Melea-
ger, Agathias the Scholiast, Argantarius, and a host of others
even less known, or the few and melancholy fragments that re-
main to us of Simonides, Mimnermua of Colophon,* Bacchy-
lides, the epigrams of Callimachus, and others, would be con-
tent to part with the key unlocking the casket ? True, there
have been various translations given to the world. Merivale is
sometimes happy in catching the spirit of the original, and Bland
is not without skill as an interpreter. Elton’s “ Specimens of
the Classic Poets” contains many gems, though not well set;
William Hay, in Blackwood’s Magazine for 1834 and ’35, has
translated a large part of the Anthology without taste, judg-
ment or skill, and Christopher North, some ten years since, had
a most excellent series of papers in his own free and easy, prose-
run-mad style, In which he embalmed not a few precious relics
of antiquity. But all this is no recompense for the original, as
it is almost impossible to catch the mingled grace and beauty of
spirit and diction which renders these valued fragments so inim-
itable.

Mimnermus of Colophon has always been an especial favorite
with me, though there are but two or three disjecta membra re-
maining to show us what his productions originally were. His
seems to have been a lyre of mournful sweetness, and the few
lines which we possess are filled with laments for the shortness
of youth and the miseries of age. Ex pede Herculem, I ven-
ture on a version of one of his prettiest

Tίς όέ βίός, γί όέ γερπνόν. κ. τ. λ.

Say, what is life, or where its charm,

Fair Venus, when thy power hath fled ?

Oh, when my breast thou can'st not warm,

May I rest coldly with the dead!

Yes, when I lose the hopes of love.

The secret kiss, the stol'n delights,

Which in our youthful hours we prove
Through days of bliss and dreamy nights.

But, ah ! these blossoms of our spring.

To every youth and maiden dear,

Bloom only for the withering,

And he who mars our pleasures here.

--------------

*By the way, I lately saw in the Southern Literary Messenger,

a translation of what purported to be a newly discovered epitha-

lamium attributed to Mimnermus. It has been copied through

pardions newspapers, and I should much like to see the original.--

Could you, Mr. Editor, manage to lay hold of the translator, and

obtain from him the original, together with the proof of the iden-tity?

Unsparing Age, with ruthless finger,

Destroys each beauty where the eye
Of love was wont entranced to linger,

Till bliss seemed almost agony.

He fills the soul with every care,

He dulls the senses to the light,—

Unblessed, unhonored by the fair,

At last his victim sinks to night!

Mimnermus himself avoided these evils as long as possible,
for in his old age he loved the fair Nanne, but whether the scorn-
ful damsel slighted him, and made him give utterance to that
complaint in the last stanza,

JXV it jii* Jraifi*, dripacroi Si yvvatgiv.

it would now be hard to tell.

But the Anthology is my favorite store-house. Long after
I became acquainted with its redundant beauties, I could scarce-
ly meet its name, or that of any of its principal contributors,
without expressing, though of course in a minor degree, the
sensation mentioned by Mimnermus on seeing a beautiful
maiden—

ανγίκ 'έμοί κατά μέν χροιήν ρέεί άσπεγος ίόρώς, πγοιοΰμαι δ'έσωρών άνφος όμιλικίης

and who is there that has not felt the same with his own pecu-
liar authors ? It would scarcely be worth while here to “ hold
a farthing candle to the sun,” by pretending to enter on the
praise of this exquisite collection, but I will mention one advan-
tage which it possesses in always suiting a man of variable hu-
mor. Whatever mood he may be in, here will he find some-
thing to accord with it, from the light amatory strains of Rufinua
or Strata, to the tender melancholy of Meleager, or the stately
yet simple sorrows of Simonides. And these productions are
not to be read, stans pede in uno; they will seem to have esoteric
beauties which are to be discovered only by study, and every
time that we renew our acquaintance with them, they seem to
have acquired fresh charms.

Of the amatory writers in the Anthology, Agathias the
Scholiast, and Paul the Silentiary are among the most prolific.
They were friends, the latter holding an office about the court
of one of the Greek emperors, and compiled what is considered
as the third Anthology, adding thereto much of their own.—
Though the age in which they wrote, (the fifth century) was not
the most favorable to purity of style, yet their productions are
singularly good. Too many of them, however, are stained with
the indelicacy which is almost universal among the old writers.
Here is a pretty little thing by Agathias, in one of his best
moods, on

WOMAN'S LOVE.

'Ηίφέοίς ούκ ίστι. κ. τ. λ.

O Youths ! what are the names ye feel.

To those that waste the virgin’s heart,

So slow those burning wounds to heal,

So quick to catch Love’s wandering dart

Ye have companions who can share
The secret grief, and soothe it well;

And ye have sports to banish care,

And lofty aims to break love's spell.

But we must shroud the burning thought
In darkness. We must shun the day,

And let the soul, thus backward brought,

In silence pine itself away!

In the fifth book,* is preserved a little fragment, of which I
have often desired the conclusion. The honor of its authorship
is disputed by Posidippus and Asclepias.

* Of the Leipsig Edition.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

407

Αύγοί γήν άπαλήν, κ.τ. λ. 

The Loves were one day leaving
Their mother's golden room,

When they spied the fair Erinnion
In youthful beauty’s bloom.

Of purest marble chiselled
Appeared the lovely maiden,

From raven hair to rosy feet,

With virgin graces laden.

Then each his purple bowstring
To the head with vigor drew,

And at her yet unwounded breast
Their arrows swiftly flew.

Whether this was left in its present unfinished state by the
poet, or whether the envious tooth of time has eaten out the
conclusion, it were hard to tell; and all that remains for us is to
exercise the imagination on the subsequent adventures of the
fair Erinnion, so slightly yet so gracefully described. Did she
end by becoming the poet’s bride, or was she doomed to wear the
willow, and sleep with the early primroses, or was her “ yet un-
wounded breast” filled with the image of some faithless deceiv-
er ? These are questions more easily asked than answered.

Refinus is a pleasant fellow, one of the most volatile and
agreeable of the amatory bards in the Anthology. I should not
like to count up the number of his pretty lady-loves, to each
whom he swears the firmest attachment in tum. Many of his

epigrams are inserted in the fifth book, and in Strata’s

Mox if a

Uatouce.

I give a rough version of one most originally in-

elegant.

Eνρáπς γό ψίλημα, κ. τ. λ. 

Ye Gods! Europe's kiss is sweet,

If her lips but give the gentlest touch
To mine, whene’er they strive to meet.

And drink of joys, alas! too much!

And even when she doth but raise
Her lip, in challenge of a kiss,

My son! within me scarcely stays,

Fluttering to reach that scene of bliss !

In the last thought of these lines, one can trace some resem-
blance to Voiture’s beautiful little epigram of “ The Kiss.” Such
images are, however, very common among the Greek Epigram-
matists, and the Frenchman may hare borrowed from some one
else.

Mon ame sur ma levre etait lors toute entiere
Pour savourer le miel qui sur la votre etail;

Mais, en me retirant, elle rests derriere,

Tant de ce doux plaisir l'amorce 1’arretoit.

This has been translated very often, yet I feel inclined to try
my hand at it:

When to thy lips I wildly clung,

To mine my very soul upsprung,

To taste the bliss that breathed from thee.

But when that long-drawn kiss was o’er.

It staid with thee, to leave no more
The sweets that round thee ever be !

But I am transgressing all due bounds, having already scrib-
bled much more than was in my intention when I took up the
pen, and I break off, feeling that I have shown some of my fa-
vorites in their least auspicious moods,—that of love. Perhaps
some of my readers may feel surprised at this, but Grecian love
was a very different thing from what we now understand by that
name. At some future time, I may take up this prolific theme.

H. C. L

Philadelphia, May, 1845.

DREAM-LAND.

By a route obscure and lonely,

Haunted by ill angels only,

Where an Eidelon, named Night,

On a black throne reigns upright,

I have reached these lands but newly
From an ultimate dim Thule—

From a wild weird clime, that lieth, sublime,
Out of SPACE—out of TIME.

Bottomless vales and boundless floods.
And chasms, and caves, and Titan woods,
With forms that no man can discover
For the dews that drip all over;
Fountains toppling evermore
Into seas without a shore;

Seas that restlessly aspire,

Surging, unto skies of fire ;

Lakes that endlessly outspread
Their lone waters, lone and dead,—
Their still waters, still and chilly
With the snows of the lolling lily,

By the lakes that thus outspread
Their lone waters, lone and dead,—
Their sad waters, sad and chilly
With the snows of the lolling lily,—

By the mountain—near the river
Murmuring lowly, murmuring ever,—

By the grey woods,—by the swamp
Where the toad and the newt encamp,

By the dismal tarns and pools
Where dwell the Ghouls,—

By each spot the most unholy—

In each nook most melancholy,—

There the traveler meets aghast
Sheeted Memories of the Past—
Shrouded forms that start and sigh
As they pass the wanderer by—
White-robed forms of friends long given.
In agony, to the worms, and Heaven.

For the heart whose woes are legion
’Tis a peaceful, soothing region—

For the spirit that walks in shadow
'Tis—oh ’tis an Eldorado!

But the traveller, traveling through it.
May not—dare not openly view it;

Never its mysteries are exposed
To the weak human eye enclosed ;

So wills the king, who hath forbid
The uplifting of the fringed lid;]

And thus the sad Soul that here passes
Beholds it but through darkened glasses.

By a route obscure and lonely,

Haunted by ill angels only,

Where an Eidolon, named Night,

On a black throne reigns upright,

I have wandered home but newly
From this ultimate dim Thule.

“Time WORKS Wonders,” and we know of nothing that he
has done in the way of “ work” more wonderful than making
the theatrical public willing to sit out the representation of
Douglas Jerrold’s last comedy. There is a certain cant of
philanthropy about it which might insure it popularity at the
Hay Market, but we cannot account for its favorable reception
on this side of the water, on any other grounds than its being
the production of a Cockney. We have a great liking for
Douglas Jerrold, but we do not like everything that he publishes.

408

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.



REVIEWS.

The Aesthetic Letters, Essays, and the Philosophical Let-
ters op Schiller: Translated, with an Introduction, by J.

Weiss. Boston, Charles C. Little, and James Brown; 1845, pp.

33 and 379.

Among the many flattering titles which the American people
has, at due intervals, seen fit to bestow upon itself, that of a j
“ reading people” is, perhaps, the one which has been most
insisted upon and most tenaciously clung to. From certain
unsightly pieces of rottenness in our social fabric, our claim to
be the “ freest and most enlightened nation on the face of the
earth,"” though rigorously asserted by fourth of July orators,
and swallowed unsuspiciously by fourth of July audiences, has
come to be generally doubted by the thoughtful; in spite of,
now and then, a Philadelphia symphony or opera, which are, |
indeed, reservoirs of noise vast enough, if conveyed by proper
ttreporiducts, to supply all the musical composers of the world,
we are hardly yet on a level with Germany in taste or enthu- J
siasm for music; our poetry is said to be conveyed, in surrep- |
titious phialsfull, from the English Helicon; in painting and
sculpture, we have no recognised standard of authoritative
judgment, and bestow sums upon fignre-head cutters and sign-
painters which might have saved from starving worthy rivals 
of Phidias and Titian. But who can deny to us the glory of 
being a “ reading people ?” Who can penetrate into our kitch- ens, and confute the theory we have established, that our cooks 
first read, ere they singe their fowls with the sybilline leaves
of neglected epics and tragedies, which sputter, as they burn,
with a Byronic exultation of scorn for the unappreciating world
which shall, too late, lament their incremation 1 Who shall
deny that our chambermaids draw a refining influence from the
fugitive verses which, with an Orphean potency, have taught
the savage locks of their mistresses to wander into hyacinthine
curls 1 Who but a Pyrrhonist would doubt the existence of
those hordes of Nomadic bipliopoles who haunt our railway sta-
tions and steamboat-wharves, arrayed, with emblematic pro-
priety, in that last stage of cloth, ere it is transmuted into ma-
terial for the author and the printer ?

No, we are emphatically a reading people; but, before mak-
ing a boast of it, we should do well to consider what we read. Flocks of pamphlets on green, and blue, and yellow wings,
hover over the land—obscene volucres—to snatch at and be-
slime, like harpies, whatever is pure and healthfully-nourishing
for the soul. Under the very eaves of our churches and col-
leges, these filthy creatures hang their nests, prolific of infamy
and vice; they perch upon the roofs of our lyceums and lecture-
rooms ; they disturb the hitherto peaceful recesses of our ham-
lets and villages with hoarse screams for their prey of garbage
and ordure. Literature, in the true sense of the word, is dead;
and the only creatures who can be said to live by it are the
vermin who riot and feast upon its decay. That this state of
things is mainly attributable to the want of an international
copyright law, we have never had a doubt. It is of the litera-
ture which is supplied to the mass of the people that we speak—
for this the most important. Bad food will produce disease
as well in the spiritual as the material world. What a fasci-
nating sound has these two words, “ cheap literature !” We
fondly imagine the ploughman drinking inspiration from his
fourpenny Burns, and the cobbler hanging entranced over Bun-
yan’s prose translation of Dante. The blacksmith, we think,
will swing his sledge to the cadence of a shilling Milton, and
Miss Barrett will become the solace of the factory girl for six-
pence! Grogshops will be displaced by bookstalls, and, instead
of “ best liquors at three cents a glass,” we shall see “ Bacon
for six cents,” “ Spenser at a shilling,” “ Don Quixotte ten
oentaor, if the vender be poetical, he will give u» “ a slice

of Bacon for fourpence,” “breast of Lamb for sixpence,”
“ glass of Shakspeare at three cents.” To think of Apollo
visiting our floor-hearths for eighteen and three-quarter cents,
or “ the muses to be seen here ; admittance quarter of a dol-
lar !” But alas! this is but an auctioneer’s picture of the beauty
of the system. The cabalistic fingers of a George Robbins
may be detected pulling the wires of this magnificent fairy-
scene. The literature which really circulates among the
masses, and steals through the gateway of our national morals
for so cheap a toll, is the literature of the pickpocket, the bur-
glar, and the bawd ; or, if not this, it is the last pitiful drivel-
lings of sentimentalism in its dotage. We wish that our
legislators—whose sinful apathy to the true interests of our
literature, and, therefore, of our morals, has created this bra-
zen monster—could be forced to try the involuntary philoso-
phical experiment of Perillus. We wish that they might be
made the first tests of the efficiency of this system for the edu-
cation of the people, by being compelled to read all the books
which issue from our so-called cheap presses.

The book before us is of a very different kind: it is the pro-
duction of a refined and thoughtful scholar. The translator is
a clergyman in the neighborhood of Boston, who preaches to
a rustic audience sermons worthy of the English pulpit when
its poetry was supplied by Taylor, and its wit by South. A
residence in Germany has given him familiarity with the lan-
guage of his original, and a hearty love of Schiller makes him
a worthy translator of its spirit.

These letters of Schiller are by no means “ familiar” ones:
they are addressed to one of those Princes (Christian Fred-
erick, Duke of Holstein Augustenburg) who took a dilletante
interest in the rights of man at the beginning of the French
Revolution. Schiller had received noble and unexpected aid
from him during a period of great distress; and though he was
a man who could look through the star on the breast to the
heart underneath it, yet it is clear that he had only acquired
the faculty (so hard to gain in aristocratical communities) of
looking on his benefactor as merely man, and had not yet
reached the more unconscious point of regarding him as friend.
The letters, therefore, are not written with the abandon of
private friendship, if, indeed, their subject would have al-
lowed it.

The translator has prefixed an excellent introduction, written
with judgment and eloquence, in which the reader will find a
far better analysis of the book than we are prepared to give.
The following extract from it contains a view of the relation
of Goethe and Schiller to each other, which is new to us, and
which we deem worthy of attention—as well from its novelty
as the exactness and pertinence with which it is stated:

“ We have lately fallen into the error (for which we are in-
debted to Germany herself) of forcing an unnatural contrast
between Goethe and Schiller, her too greatest men. Scholars
spend their ingenuity in drawing parallels and exposing differ-
ences, when the true process would be, to construct an equa-
tion, and indicate the points of contact. The error has become
almost irremediable; and it seems to be generally understood,
that the two men would have never lived together in Weimar
if Providence had not designed to puzzle posterity with the
contrast, and to occupy its leisure moments with the debate as
to which is the greater. They have unfortunately passed into
history with the legal versus between their names, which never
kept asunder the Doe and Roe of fiction with a more abiding
pertinacity.

“This is a great injury which we inflict upon ourselves.
Undoubtedly, the delightful period of their common activity at
Weimar affords the most natural opportunity for instituting a
j comparison between them, which is not without its interest and
advantage. Their mutual tendencies differed too distinctly to
escape observation. Perhaps they challenge it; and perhaps
the two poets are not worthy as successful exponents of the
two great elements of humanity—the real and the ideal; for
neither was Goethe the whole man, nor was Schiller the less

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

409

complete one he has been represented. But it is in this very 
distinctness with which they developed, respectively, those two
great elements, that we ought to discern, not only the special
mission of each, but the still higher mission of both united. It
is striking to observe how their diversity produces a unity. It
would be instructive to analyze their characters, in order to
perceive their capacity for creating a third character, which
is the idea of humanity—the result of the two tendencies which
make a man. It seems, then, as if that period of their artistic 
union was a lucky manoeuvre of nature to bring together her
two elements most favorably developed, that she might ‘ give
the world assurance of a man.' Where Goethe was deficient,
Schiller abounded; where the latter yearned to express that
which is absolute, the former fulfilled definite and ascertained
limits. Both were earnest seekers after truth: it was, for
both, the very condition of their existence—a demand of their
consciousness which they never once evaded. But we attain
a steadfast form of truth and a harmonious development of
human faculties, only by combining the results of both ; or,
rather, a true man, made after the Divine image, is the union
of both their tendencies. There will be a residue if we attempt
to unite the two men as they were; but, that excepted, the
product is the type of that which is possible within us, and, as
such, it should be prized, studied, and never rudely violated.
When German scholars have asked, ‘Which is greater—
Goethe ?—Schiller ?’—others have sought to deprecate such a
distinction, and have taken refuge in the simile of the Dios-
curi ; but even that will not serve our turn, for an alternate
immortality does not become those who are really immortal and
available only when made into one.” Pp. 7, 8, 9.

Elsewhere, Mr. Weiss says, beautifully:—

“ The undeniable characters of a good life cannot be denied
to Schiller; he is known by his works in every sense. Pure,
highminded, truthloving, enamored of virtue for her own sweet
sake, he presents to us the lofty spectacle of a man pursuing
the ideal of his race through every opposition, disappointment,
loss. He would realize Christianity, which is the moral law
transfigured by love. In his own person he represents the
struggles of humanity; his life was an unfinished prophecy.
It is inspiring because his deeds were vast, and rang like the
sound of a trumpet; it is pathetic and purifying because it con-
tained the divine element of sorrow, and we are given to see
a spirit, not only battling with the world and with necessities,
but wellnigh overmastered with its own yearning. He was
the direct ambassador of the ideal; he had an indefeasible
right to dictate to humanity the terms of its culture, because
he evolved it from the regenerative idea of duty as love. And
what he preached, he practised. * *	*	* His maturer

writings present to us his genuine creed and philosophy, and
show us his heart still honest and pure, still unstormed, though
a Titanic intellect had often encamped before it.” Pp. 30, 31.

But Schiller was no apostle of the ideal in the sense which
those understand it who would make it an excuse for a weak
dereliction from fidelity to the truth of absolute nature. By
“ideal,” he meant that highest perfection of nature which only
the inspired eye of the true artist can discern. His ideal was
not out of the world, but in it. He was not one of those who,
not strong enough nor wise enough to follow nature, are inter- 
ested to make us believe that the region of art is some cloudy
realm, the product of their own fancy, and that the beautiful is
some misty, undefined shape, which they are pleased to call
“ classical,” as if God must give over creating, and go to school 
to their abecedarian profundity.

Referring the reader again to Mr. Weiss’s excellent intro- 
duction for an analysis of the book, we proceed to make a few
short extracts—such as our space will allow—taken almost at
random. We will preface them with the following fit text
from the first letter.

“ My ideas, drawn rather from a uniform converse with my-
self than from a rich experience, or from reading, will not deny
their origin; they will sooner be guilty of any error than of
sectarism, and will rather fall from their own weakness than
maintain themselves by authority and foreign strength.” P. 2.

In the following passage, Schiller beautifully describes the
aspect under which ancient Greece presented itself to his
mind:

“ The Greeks shame us, not only by a simplicity to which
our age is a stranger, but they are, at the same time, our rivals
—nay, after our model—in that very pre-eminence with which
we are wont to console ourselves for the native perverseness
of our manners. At once objective and subjective—at once
philosophic and creative, tender and energetic—we behold the
youth of fancy united in a noble humanity to the manliness of
reason.

“ In the beautiful awakening of the spiritual powers at that
period, sense and spirit had no strongly-marked peculiarity.*
No dispute had yet constrained them to withdraw, in a hostile
manner, from each other, and define their boundaries. Poesy
had not yet contended with wit, and speculation had not dis-
 graced itself by craft. In case of need, both could exchange
their functions; since each revered truth after its own fashion.
However high reason soared, it ever lovingly lifted the out-
ward after it, and however finely and sharply it discriminated,
still it never lacerated. It is true it analyzed human nature
 and threw its amplified elements into the majestic circle of di-
vinities; but not thereby tearing it in pieces, only mingling it
diversely, since a complete humanity was wanting to no single
god. How entirely different with us moderns! With us too,
the type of the race is thrown, in parts that are amplified, into
individuals ; but in fragments, not in different combinations;
so that one must enquire from individual to individual in order
to read collectively the totality of the race. With us, one is
almost tempted to affirm, the powers of the mind display them-
selves in experience detached, as they are represented by the
psychologist, and we see, not only single subjects, but whole
classes of men developing only one part of their dispositions,
while the remainder, like stunted plants, preserve vestiges of
their nature almost too feeble to be recognised.” Pp. 19-20,
Letter 6.

In the ninth letter, the exuberant stream of Schiller’s elo-
quence, which has been working its way through the tangled
roots and cloven rocks of definitions and argumentative pre-
mises, with here and there a glassy spot reflecting the sky and
leaves, or a singing cascade, burst forth free and majestic, and
flows on in rushing gladness, singing the triumph of its release.
We would gladly copy the whole of it, had we room. Even
 if the translator had not informed us of it in his preface, we
should have felt sure that this letter was a favorite with him,
for it is turned into English with admirable fidelity to the
meaning, and lucky sympathy with the rhythmic enthusiasm
of the original. Throughout the whole book, but particularly
in this letter, we feel that translation has been a labor of love
and no drudge-work with Mr. Weiss. Though our extracts
have already been long, we must give our readers one or two
passages from this letter.

“ It is true the Artist is the son of his time, but alas for
him if he be likewise its pupil, or even its favorite. Let a
kind Divinity snatch the suckling betimes from his mother’s
breast, nourish him with the milk of a bitter age, and let him
come to maturity beneath a distant Grecian sky. Then, when
he has become a man. let him return, a foreign shape, into his
century; not to delight it with his appearance, but terrible,
like Agamemnon’s son, to purify it. He will take his material,
indeed, from the present, but borrow his form from a nobler
time, nay, from beyond all time, from the absolute, unchangea-
ble unity of his being. Here, from the pure ether of his Di-
vine nature, runs down the fountain of beauty, undefiled by
the corruption of races and times which fret far beneath him
in troubled whirlpools.

*****“ But how can the Artist protect himself
from the corruptions of his age which on all sides surround
him ? By despising its judgment. Let him look upward to
his dignity and the law, not downward to his prosperity and
his wants. Alike free from the vain activity that would fain
leave its traces on the fleeting moment, and from the impatient
enthusiasm that applies the scale of the absolute to the paltry
product of time, let him leave to the understanding, which is
here at home, the sphere of the actual; but let him strive
to evolve the ideal from the union of the possible with the
necessary. This let him express in fiction and truth, in the

* We think (with deference to Mr. Weiss’s more thorough knowl-
edge of German) that individuality would better express the mean-
ing here.  Eigenthum is the word in the original.

410

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

play of his fancy and the gravity of his deeds, in all sensible
and spiritual forms, and cast it silently into infinite time.” Pp.
36, 37.

From the essay on Pathos we make one extract containing
a criticism which has a wider application than to its immedi-
ate object, and which fits many modern productions as closely
as the old French Drama.

“ The latter is the case with the old French Tragedy, in
which we are very seldom or never shown a suffering nature,
but generally see only cold, declamatory poets, or comedians upon
stilts. The frosty tone of declamation extinguishes all the
nature, and their adorable scenery makes it completely impos-
sible for French tragic poets to portray humanity in its truth.
Decency falsifies, even in its own proper place, the expression
of nature, and yet the art demands the latter imperatively.
We can hardly believe it in a French tragic hero that he suf-
fers, for he delivers himself concerning his state of mind like
the calmest of men, and his incessant regard to the impression
which he makes upon others never allows him to leave to his
own nature its freedom. The kings, princesses and heroes of
a Corneille and a Voltaire never forget their rank in the most
vehement passion, and they put off their humanity far sooner
than their dignity. They are like the kings and emperors in
the old picture books, who go to bed with their crowns on.”
Pp. 202, 203.

We must here reluctantly leave a book for which the Trans-
lator deserves our warmest thanks. It is full to overflowing
with deep philosophy, as well of life as of morals, with profound
criticisms and apothegms upon art, with true poetry, the whole
all aglow with the warm sunlight of a noble and aspiring
nature. It is a book, too, which demands study, and which
exercises while it instructs. We sincerely hope that Mr.
Weiss may be encouraged to persevere in a labor for which he
has shown such eminent qualifications, and that he will give
to the world the other volume of translations from Schiller at
which he hints in his introduction.

 Besides the Esthetic letters, the present volume contains
essays upon “ The necessary limits in the use of beautiful
forms,” “ The moral use of AEsthetic manners,” “ The pa-
thetic,” “ The sublime,” “ The use of the common and low
in Art,” “Disconnected observations upon various AEsthetic
subjects,” “ Upon the tragic art,” and “ The philosophical
letters.” We learn that it has already been re-published in
England.

BOOKS LATELY RECEIVED.

The Fruit and Fruit Trees of America; or the Culture, Propa-
gation, and Management in the Garden and Orchard, of fruit
trees generally. With descriptions of all the finest varieties of
fruit, native and foreign, cultivated in this country. Illustrated
with many engravings. By A. J. Downing. New York and
London: Wiley and Putnam. 1845.

This is the most valuable of all the books which Mr.
Downing has contributed to the higher departments of our
rural literature, and it is the most charming book of the sea-
son, although rather ponderous in dimensions only. Some
idea may be formed of its completeness from the fact of its
containing a list of no less than 490 sorts of apples. Mr.
Downing claims the right to talk about fruits and trees from
having been born in “one of the largest gardens, and upon
the banks of one of the noblest rivers, in America;" every
body will concede the right, since he has shown himself so
competent to his task. “ Fine fruit is the flower of commo-
dities;” and, as Mr. Downing says in his preface, “it is the
most perfect union of the useful and the beautiful that the
earth knows; yet there are many who seem to live under
some ban of expulsion from all the fair and goodly produc-
tions of the garden." But this should not be. Every pro-
prietor of a piece of ground big enough to bleach a pocket
handkerchief is bound to cultivate a fruit tree of some kind, if
not for himself, for the sake of others; and if there be any

people who are indifferent to pomological matters, we advise
them to procure Mr. Downing's work and plunge into the
midst of his pearmains, rare-ripes, and damsons. All the
true disciples of pomology will get the book, as a matter of
course.

Transactions of the American Ethnological Society : Vol.  1.
New York: Bartlett & Welford.

Pictorial History of the World. By John Frost, LL. D. Walker
& Gillis, No. 5.

The Nevilles of Garretstovm: A Tale of 1760. By Charles Lever.

New York: E. Winchester, 24 Ann st.

The Temptation; or The Watchtower of Koat-Ven. By Eugene
Sue. Translated from the French. E. Winchester.

The Treasury of History; No. 6. Daniel Adee, 107 Fulton st.
Letters from Italy. By J. T. Headley. No. 3 of Wiley and Put-
nam’s Library of American Books.

John Rouge; The Holy Court of Treves and the New German
Catholic Church. New York: Harper & Brothers.

The Resurrection of Christ; In answer to the question whether
He arose in a spiritual and celestial, or in a material and earthly,
body. By George Bush. New York; J. S. Redfield, Clinton
Hall. 1845.

The Mysteries of Berlin : Part 5. W. H. Colyer. New York.
Westward, Ho! A Novel. By James K. Paulding. No. 11 of
Harpers’ Pocket edition of Select Novels.

The Investigator. Edited by J. F. Polk. Devoted to Science,
Religion, Literature, &c. Vol. 1, No. 6. Washington : C. Drew.
1845.

A Dictionary of Practical Medicine. By James Copland. Edit-
ed, with additions, by Charles A. Lee, M. D. Part 9. Harper
& Brothers.

The Wandering Jew. No. 13.

The Pictorial Bible. No. 31.

An Encyclopedia of Domestic Economy. No. 6. Harper &
Brothers.

FRENCH OPERA AT THE PARK THEATRE.

The French Company, last from New Orleans, is in the
second week of its engagement at the above Theatre. The
list of its members presents a very formidable array of names,
at least in numbers, and, with Calve at the head, it would be
supposed sufficient for all purposes of attraction. Whether
it will prove so or not, will be determined by and by. Of the
merits of the individual members, we shall speak in detail in
the course of our notice.

One thing we should strongly urge upon Mr. Davis, namely,
the absolute necessity of lowering the price of admission to the
pit, from one dollar to fifty cents. Not only would the at-
tendance be more than double upon every occasion, but the
house would also assume a more lively and brilliant appear-
ance. There are hundreds of young men who would willingly
go to the Opera every performing night, but who will not pay
a dollar, and will not go up stairs to the second tier, and so
stay away altogether.

The first opera performed was Guillaume Tell, composed
by Rossini. The following was the distribution of characters:
Arnold, M. Arnaud; Guillaume Tell, Garry; Walter, Dou-
vry; Rodolpbe, Coeuriot; Gesler, Douvry; Melctbal, Ber-
nard; Leuthold, Chaffary; A Fisherman, Pelleve; Princess
Mathilde, Mrs. Casini; Jemmy, (son of Guillaume Tell,) Ste-
phen Coeuriot; Edwige, (wife of Guillaume Tell,) Daire;
Chorus of officers, pages, Austrian soldiers, Swiss men, wo-
men, and children. The plot of Guillaume Tell is so well
known on every hand, that we shall not trouble our readers by
recapitulating it.

In the music, Rossini has in a measure gone from his pe-
culiar and recognised style. The general characteristics are
gravity, earnestness, and intense passion. There are, of
course, many passages of lighter feeling, in which we recog-
nise the brilliant and felicitous imagination so peculiar to his

411

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

earlier works; but these are only used as lights to the sombre
tone which pervades the general subjeet. It is true they are
dashed in with the freedom of a master-hand, and fix them-
selves upon the memory at once, from their strong but har-
monious contrast.

Madame Casini is by no means calculated to sustain an
important part in a Grand Opera. Her voice is thin and
weak, though the upper tones possess some sweetness. Her
singing gives evidence of some good schooling, but her style
is unfinished, and her delivery lacks energy and passion.
Her action is constrained and awkward, and for a pretty wo-
man, and a French woman, too, she is the most careless
dresser we ever saw. The two other ladies, Madame Coeu-
riot and Madame Dairie, had but little to do, but that little
was well done.

M. Garry possesses a voice of good quality, but it is sadly
deficient in power; it is, however, capable of forcing, particu-
larly in the upper tones. M. Garry is a superior artist. He
sings with much taste, and in admirable style: his modula-
tions are made with a certainty and precision, which stamp
him a musician as well as a singer. His action is free and
vigorous, and altogether, although from want of physical
strength, he will never astonish his hearers, he will rarely fail
to impart pleasure and satisfaction by his general excellence.

M. Arnaud is a singer of high merit. He possesses a voice
of extraordinary compass and power, and were it as sweet and
rich as it is extensive and powerful, he would have no equal
in the world. His style is admirable—chaste and impassion-
ed, and altogether free from vulgarity and affectation. We
listened to him with much pleasure from his first appearance,
for we immediately perceived that he depended not upon his
voice but upon the purity of his school, and as soon as our
ears became accustomed to the singular quality of his voice,
we listened to him with the most unqualified delight. He
reminds us strongly of what Antognini was when he first came
to this city. The part of Arnold is one of immense difficulty,
and we do not hesitate to say that there is no man in the
country, except M. Arnaud, who would dare to undertake it.
M. Arnaud will rise in public estimation upon each appear-
ance, and will become a distinguished favorite.

Messieurs Douvry, Coeuriot, Bernard, &c. &c., were all ex-
cellent in their respective parts. We shall have occasion,
however, to notice them more fully in other pieces, and to
decide upon their merits.

The chorus is admirable: undoubtedly the best we have
heard on these boards for several years. Everything was
given with great precision and power; the trebles were few in
number, but they were efficient. The contraltos have capital
voices. They are in some parts too powerful for the trebles.

The Orchestra is very perfect—composed of fine players,
and led by one who thoroughly understands his business, M.
Prevost. No such orchestra has been gathered together
within the walls of a theatre for many years. It was a plea-
sure to observe with what admirable faithfulness the beauti-
ful points in the instrumentation were brought out in strong
relief. Nothing was lost, nothing was obscured. We are glad
to be able to award to the members, individually, and to the
leader of the orchestra, our unqualified approbation.

The piece was brought out with great magnificence, and
with due attention to time and locality. The scenery, espe-
cially the set scenes, was beautiful, and the costumes were
carefully selected according to the date.

As a whole the performance was good, and well worthy the
liberal patronage of the public.

There are several omissions which we might mention, but
we presume that they were omitted from necessity.

Auber’s Opera Les Diamans de Couronne, was chosen for
the re-appearance of Mad’lle Calve, after an absence of two
years.

The distribution of the Opera was as follows: Caterino,
Mad’lle Calve; Diana, Mad. Stephen Coeuriot; Don Hen-
rique, M. Coeuriot; Don Sebatien, M. Buscher; Rebolledo.
M. Bernard; Camp Mayor, M. Mathieu.

Mad’lle Calve was received most warmly. She has im-
proved in personal appearance since she was here last. She
has lost none of her fascination of manner, but on the con-
trary, seems to have made the charm more powerful. She
was dressed to perfection, and wore her dresses with an air
and grace peculiar to herself, and rarely attained by any one
else. Her school of singing we never did admire—it is false,
meritricious and flashy: but Calve sings well in her school,
and for that she should have all praise. Indeed Calve seems
to have been destined for the school of which Auber is the
bead, for her aril, piquant, and playful manner adds a charm
and a grace to that most charming and graceful class of com-
position. Calve’s performance upon this occasion was in
truth all that could be desired, and won for her, besides the
hearty plaudits of the audience, a whole host of bouquets.

Madame Stephen Coeuriot somewhat surprised us upon
this occasion. From her performance in Guillaume Tell we
were convinced that she had talent, but we hardly gave her
credit for so much excellence as she displayed on Friday
night. She has a melodious and sufficiently powerful voice,
and uses it like an article. Her costumes are in admirable
taste, and are worn with much grace. She acts well and
looks well, and in short she supplies, very nearly, the place
in public estimation which Madame Le Compt held loo years
since.

M. Coeuriot is equally excellent in his way. He possesses
a light and pleasing tenor voice, with a carefully cultivated
and well-managed falsetto. He sings with much taste and
judgment, and is an actor of considerable merit. He is a
great acquisition to the company.

M. Buscher is a careful and well-educated singer, but his
voice is weak, and his action is tame and timid.

M. Bernard is truly comic: his humor is unobtrusive, but
it is so dry and earnest that it becomes infectious. He is be-
sides a very careful singer and capital actor.

The other parts were very creditably sustained. The chorus
was exceedingly good throughout—indeed, so good that it be-
came a feature.

The performance of the orchestra was admirable throughout
—even more perfect than upon the occasion of Guillaume Tell.
We have rarely heard accompaniments more faithfully and dis-
tinctly rendered. M. Prevost and the gentleman of the orches-
tra shared equally the just admiration of the public.

The music, by Auber, is singularly beautiful. From the
beginning to the end, it is a series of brilliant thoughts, worked
out in a masterly manner. Quite original, after the style of
Auber, its quaintness immediately strikes the most indifferent
observer. Its melodies are indeed ravishingly beautiful; it is
richly harmonised, and its distinguishing characteristic is never
lost sight of.

The Instrumentation is perfect. More or less beautiful and
startling effects and charming contributions are found in every
piece. Their number surprises us, their novelty delights us,
and we admiringly acknowledge Auber to be the most ingenious
and effective orchestral writer among the modern operatic com-
posers of Europe.

We cordially recommend the French Operatic Company to
our musical friends.

La Favorite, composed by Donizetti, was produced on
Wednesday last. We shall notice it in our next.

412

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

THE FINE ARTS.

We were invited to examine the portrait of the new packet
ship Henry Clay, painted by Mr. Marsh, of Boston, who has
certainly succeeded in giving a very striking likeness of this
noble ship; his water, however, is the best part of the picture.
In other marine paintings that we have seen, the water has
been painted as though it were an accessory, instead of being
a principal, element in a sea scene. The ship is represented
under full sail, with the wind on the quarter, and a fore-top-
mast studding sail set. There is a distant view of the High-
lands of Neversink and Sandy Hook. We understand that
the painting is intended for a present to Mr. Clay from the
owners of the ship.

We remember Mr. Marsh as the author of a volume of
poems which were published in this city a few years since;
but we have never heard of him before as a marine painter.

Mr. Alfred Jones, the engraver of “Sparking,” one of the
Art-Union issues, has just published a handsome engraving of
the Capitol, at Washington. The view is taken from Penn-
sylvania Avenue, and represents the back part of the Capitol,
with the noble terraces, fountain, &c. It makes a very hand-
some picture; but, being an enlargement of the small drawing
by Bartlett, in the views of American scenery published by
Martin, it is rather meagre in the details for so large an en-
graving.

WEEKLY NOTES.

A novel has recently been published by Colburn, in Lon-
don, called “Jonathan Sharp, or the Adventures of a Ken-
tuckian,” which is professedly written by an American, but
the fact is questioned by a critic in the Athenaeum for the
following reasons:

“ Beyond the Alleghanies, Lynch law is too rife and
too supreme; and, even in an Atlantic city, such a moral
censor would find his post so little enviable as to be in some
hurry to quit it. He might, to be sure, come to England,
as the author in question professes to have done, and pub-
lished whatever he pleased. But could the pure love of
truth, or the patriotic view of scolding his countrymen into
belter manners, be a sufficient inducement ? Besides, to
expect an American, whose self love and national pride sur-
pass those of any people on earth, so to divest himself of his
nature as to view things through an European glass is absurd.”

The reviewer surmises that Jonathan Sharp is an Irish-
man ; but, from his close intimacy with the peculiarities of
Western manners, we are inclined to believe that he is what
he professes, a genuine United Stateser, but not a Kentuckian.
He must, however, be a very bad fellow, so to libel his coun-
trymen as to call forth such a rebuke as this from an English
critic, whose remarks prove him to be neither well informed
on American subjects, nor well disposed towards the country.

" In almost every page he evinces his personal and intimate
acquaintance with his subject. But that he is invariably as
honest as he is well informed, is a very different subject.
The soreness which he displays in every chapter, can be the
result only of personal disappointment. If, in most instances,
he has truth for the foundation of his statements, he takes
good care to stretch it as far as it will bear—sometimes a little
farther. What justice is there in an author who condemns a
New Englander for vices which are found to exist only when
we come to the Valley of the Mississippi, &c.”

The Englishman has a strange view of American morals,
if he thinks that violence of any kind would be offered to any
man, on this side the Atlantic, for speaking his opinions freely
of the national manners or vices. Abuse of every kind may
be uttered with such “ perfect looseness” that satire and irony
have lost their uses with us. We have neither Punches nor
Charlvaris iu America, for the reason that there is no need of

 them. It would be idle to satirise a vice which can be boldly

exposed.

We can suggest a better reason for the author of Jonathan
 Sharp having published his adventures in London than the
Athenaeum has given: probably he could not find a publisher
in America, and was too poor to undertake the publication
himself.

The last number of Tait’s Magazine contains a very gene-
rous and discriminating Review of the “Poems on Mao in
the Republic,” by Cornelius Matthews ; and the Athenaeum
has a funny notice of the “Letters from a Landscape Pain-
ter,” by Charles Lanman. Mr. Cole, and the other artists
who had the ill fortune to be served up by Mr. Lanman, form
 the subjects of a good many witty jokes, while Mr. Lanman’s
 Burlington friends, who gave such capital dinners, and were,
withal, such perfect scholars and gentlemen, come in for their
share of fun.

A MEMORY OF THOMAS HOOD.

BY MRS S. C. HALL.

The past winter has been one of dismal heaviness to us, for
 it has been so to many dear friends ; a cold bleak “ season ”—
each month surpassing its predecessor in the number of its be-
reavements, until we have asked each other, “ Is the cup of
sorrow yet unfilled ?” All through February and March the
dull boom of the death-bell mingled with the snow-wreath and
rose above the storm, while the frost-bound earth echoed the
clank of the mattock and the spade. We do not speak of the
simple hearts, near and dear, whom death found as fittest for
immortality—ripest for the sickle—but of others, known to the
world about us, who have been taken “ home” in the flower of
their days; and more especially of one, just gone, whose gen-
tle spirit past away while nature was recruiting,—resuming
 her leaves and flowers, and wearing once again a happy look
of plenteousness and peace.

 First, from over the sea, came news of the death of one
who, if longer spared, would have achieved a much higher
reputation than she had yet won—for her mind was evidently
gaining strength, and her views of life and knowledge of liter-
ature were expanding. One of our contemporaries has said,
 that Mary Anne Browne was “ spoiled at first by over-praise;"
 over-praised the girl-poet might have been, but none who have
read what she has written as Mrs. James Gray, could have
deemed her “spoiled”—for all her later works evince care
 and thought, and much genuine refinement; and her last small
 volume of poems—“ Sketches from the Antique ”—supply ev-
 idence of higher hopes and holier aspirations than belong to the
 “ spoiled ” children of the Muses. Her short life, though
 uneventful, was chequered and of uneven course—as literary
 lives always are in England—but she was a loving and a be-
 loved wife, esteemed by those who knew her as a kind and
amiable woman, and one of rare industry. I found it hard to
 believe that death had taken her from the new-born infant that
nestled in her bosom ; that the grave had closed over the
 laughing girl I had seen but as yesterday—her rich brown
 curls clustering round her throat, and her eyes luminous with
mirth.

 But heavier sorrows followed. There are few, indeed, who
are acquainted with the light and graceful literature of our
country—who cull the simple and natural flowers so plentiful-
ly scattered in their paths—to whom the name of Laman
Blanchard is unknown: his ready and eloquent pen could in-
dite a sonnet, point an epigram, tell a story, or lend interest to
 an essay, while slower spirits were wondering and pondering
what they had to write about.

His name was a pleasant watchword, a guarantee that some-
thing was to follow—racy and fanciful. His wit, rather gen-
ial than caustic, and so abounding that it brightened every-
thing it played about, was checked only by a sensible desire to
avoid giving pain; even where to censure became a duty, this
 tenderness in his nature was apparent in his writings : he fre-
quently stopped short of his object lest he might inflict a
wound. Of late, few articles bore his name in periodical
works ; and those who are unacquainted with the mighty me-
chanism that scatters “ leaders,” “ criticisms,” and “ reviews,”
—“ opinions ” of all kinds on all subjects to guide the multi-
tude,—little imagine what volumes have passed down the
stream of time—written for “ the day,” by this man of many

413

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

labors, but upon which the power of the throbbing brain had
been lavishly expended.

Sixteen years ago we knew him; ever as a poet, bouyant
with youth and hope—his purpose fixed, his independence un-
flinching—with the dreamy, ardent temperament of a genuine 
“ child of song,” yet turning himself to the direst and hardest
duty work, and laboring at everything that did not compromise 
the principles with which he set out in life,—fighting his way 
with a brave heart and a bright eye, known only to be loved,
and imparting as much pleasure to, as he received from, liter-
ary society. Many are the happy and profitable hours we have 
passed together; his ready sympathy attracting confidence
that was never betrayed. Alas ! his wife became the victim
of a distressing malady; and his sensitive nerves were ill able 
to endure long midnight watchings, relieved only by midnight
labor—the coin with which genius purchases bread. She died
some months ago, and to all but him her death seemed a mer-
cy. From that time, however, his light of life either blazed
or flickered, as it was excited. He rose up, and went about,
and wrote, when he could, but fancied, and perhaps truly, that
he could not write as he had done. The fact was, his mind
required repose—a total absence from labor—it craved rest; 
but how is the producer of periodical literature to find rest ?
People tell you “ not to be excited,” “ not to overwork your- 
self.” Ah ! they cannot see underneath the gay draperies
that society folds around the form—they cannot see the chains
that bind us to the galley. A terror that he should be unable
to provide for his children took hold of our poor friend—seiz-
ed him by the brain through the heart; his eyes became affect-
ed—to all appearance they were as bright as ever, but he
could not endure the light, and continued to suffer intensely ; 
his imagination appeared to retain its power after his reason
had given way ; and thus was the fountain of life exhausted at
one-and-forty! The eloquent and tender poet—the man with
many real friends, yet dying in harness which, if one ready
hand had unbuckled for a time, might have been worn, after a
brief rest, in honor for many years! Not but he was difficult
to manage ; loathe to owe any debt save to his own exertions; 
and proud—as all right-thinking men must be—of the indepen-
dence that had won the respect and friendship of the intellect-
ual and the true ; and it was hard, when you saw his bright
face or heard his pleasant words, to think of him and sorrow
the sure suggestion was, that he would be better by-and-by.
Ah! it was a mournful termination to such a life.

And, after he was laid in his grave, the bells tolled on; an-
other and another passed away—names highly honored in Art
—Calcott, Smirke, Phillips, the gentle and highly-gifted Dun-
can ; and now one whose name has long been a household
word, but whose death has been anticipated for months, say,
for years—the noble poet—yet, strange to say, better known
as the annual “jester”—Thomas Hood! Truly, the man
who, year after year, furnished abundant food for mirth, and
yet could imagine “The Plea of the Midsummer Fairies,”

“ The Dream of Eugene Aram,” and depict such realities as
“ The Song of a Shirt,” and “ The Bridge of Sighs,” must
have been formed in no common mould ! He, too, is gone
“ home!”

I remember the first time I met him was at one of the plea-
sant soirees of the painter Martin ; for a moment I turned away
—as many have done—disappointed, for the countenance, in
repose, was of melancholy rather than of mirth : there was
something calm, even to solemnity, in the upper portion of the
face, which, in public, was seldom relieved by the eloquent
play of the mouth, or the occasional sparkle of the observant
eye; and it was a general remark among his acquaintances,
that he was too quiet for “ the world.” There are many wit-
watchers to be found in society, who think there is nothing in
a man, unless, like a sounding-board, he make a great noise at
a small touch,—who consider themselves aggrieved, unless an
“author” open at once like a book, and speak as he writes ;
this vulgar notion, like others of the same stamp, creeps into
good society, or that is so considered, and I have seen both
Hook and Hood “ set,” as a pointer sets a partridge, by per-
sons who glitter in evanescent light simply by repeating what
such men have said. Mr. Hook, perhaps, liked this celebrity
—this setting and staring, this lion hunt—so different from the
heart-worship paid to veritable greatness. Mr. Hood did not:
he was too sensitive, too refined, to endure it; the dislike to
being pointed at as the “ man who was funny,” kept him out
of a crowd, where there were always numbers who really hon-
ored his genius, and loved him for his gentle and domestic vir-
tues. It was only among his friends that his playful fancy

flourished, or that he yielded to its influence ; although, strict-
ly speaking, “ social ” in all his feelings, he never sought to
stimulate his wit by the false poison of draughts of wine ; nor
was he ever more cheerful than when at his own fireside he
enjoyed the companionship of his dear and devoted wife. He
was playful as a child ; and his imagination, pure as bright, frol-
icked with nature, whom he loved too well ever to outrage or
insult by slight or misrepresentation. And yet he was City
born, and City bred,—born in the unpoetic district of “ the
Poultry;” though born as it were, to letters, for his father was
a bookseller ; and the son was remarkable for great vivacity of
spirits, and prone to astonish good citizens, guests at his fa-
ther’s, no less than his fellow-pupils when at school, by the
shrewdness and brilliancy of his observations upon topics of
which it was thought he knew nothing. He finished his edu-
cation at Camberwell; and, even at that early age being in
very precarious health, was advised to try the effects of a sea
voyage upon his constitution. The sea suited him not. I can
well imagine its boiling turbulence—its fitfulness—its glitter-
ing brightness, and its fearful storms finding no sympathy in
the gentle bosom of the author of “ The Plea of the Midsum-
mer Fairies.”

He passed some years, on his retnrn, with relatives in “ Bon-
ny Dundee and, manifesting a great talent for drawing, was
apprenticed to his uncle, Mr. Robert Sands, an engraver. But
he trifled with the pencil, while he labored with the pen; his
future destiny was pointed out by the light of genius. And
what rare talents did he not possess, blended with the gentle-
ness and kindliness of the sweetest of poetic temperaments—
how full his sympathies !—how honest his heart—how great
and true in all things! Although his existence was a long dis-
ease rather than a life, he was free from all bitterness and
harshness of spirit, feeling intensely for the sufferings of oth-
ers ; he was in every way unselfish ; prone to the very last
to turn his own sad sufferings into jests, and forcing those who
wept over his agony, fierce as it was (until the last dull sleep
which continued from the Tuesday to the Saturday of his
death), to smile at the wittiness of his conceits, mingling as
they did with a touching consciousness of his situation, and
the solemn belief that hereafter which, in all faith and hu-
mility, we believe—to the full extent of knowledge—he now
enjoys.

But what a sad picture—and by no means a solitary one—
do the last months of this great man’s life display !	“ Tue

Song of a Shirt ” was knocking at every heart in Great Bri-
tain, while its author was panting for breath, and trying to en-
list the forces of his friends in the launch of the Magazine that
still bears his name. And his friends stood by him : they
gathered willingly beneath the banner, which, had it been rais-
ed by a strong arm instead of one trembling with pain and the
unsteadiness of departed health, would have battled the breeze
nobly and waved for years triumphantly above—as a shelter
to—his home. A little longer, and the difficulties of his posi-
tion increased ; one illness succeeded another, and “ l’Envoi ”
to the end of each “ periodical labor ” induced the mingled
smiles and tears of his admirers. He wrote wit while propped
by pillows; and the chapters of a novel—doomed to remain,
like his life, a great fragment—were produced between the in-
tervals and beatings of heart disease.

Alas ! what those endure who write for bread ! But it is
all over with him now : the gold has been refined and the cru-
cible is broken ; the toilworn body has been bowed in death
that the soul might escape into life ; the mortal cerements have
been burst; the winged child is borne into the true life—the
life of eternity! Those who loved him best rejoice at his re-
lease from labor—never remunerated in proportion to the plea-
sure it gave—never in a way at all commensurate with the
enormous profit it produced—seldom, perhaps, thought of by
those whose hearts it opened. Latterly his dear friends had
been agonized by his terrible lament, “ I cannot die—I cannot
die!” Such friends were thankful to lay him, on the 10th of
May, in a calm grave at Kensall-green. It will not, we are
sure, be long before a monument is raised to his memory ; and
there are hearts enough in England to remember that his wid-
ow and two children have but the hundred a year to subsist on
—bestowed by Sir Robert Feel, whose letter, in words which
did him honor, conveyed the request that he might be permit-
ted to make the personal acquaintance of one whose works he
had long admired and appreciated. In this generous wish and
hope he was destined to be disappointed,—but

Honor and glory to a great statesman with a good heart !
Such men are worthy almoners of genius!

414

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

NEW WORKS PUBLISHED IN LONDON, MAY, 1845

Aide Memoire to the Military Sciences. By officers of the dif-
ferent services. 89 plates, 40 wood-cuts.

Anderson (Christopher) Annals of the English Bible. 2 vols. 8vo.
Bremer (Miss) Life in Dalecarlia. Translated by W. Howitt.
Balmer, Academical Lectures and Pulpit Discourses. 2 vols. 8vo.
Book of Ballads. Edited by Bon Gaultier. Illustrated by Crow-
quill.

Barrow, Naval Worthies of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

Bourne (J. G. H.) England Won. A poem.

Clayton, Child’s First Drawing-Book.

Crompton (Susan F.) Stories for Sunday Afternoons, from the
Creation to the Advent of Messiah.

Child (Mrs.) Letters from New-York, second series.

Cumming (Rev. John) " Our Father," a Week’s Family Prayers.
Course ol Lectures to Young Men, delivered in Dundee.

Craik (George L.) Sketches of the History of Literature and Learn-
ing in England, third series, from 1688 to the present time.
Davidsou, (C. E.) on the Improvement of Tidal Rivers.

Days and Nights in the East, from original notes of a recent trav-
eller through Egypt, Arabia Petrae, &c.

Dickinson, (Bishop) Remains. 8vo.

Denham, (T.) Poems and Sketches of Prose. 8vo.

Disputed Inheritance, (The) a novel, by Grace Webster.

Dower, Short Atlas of Modern Geography.

Economy, or a Peep at our Neighbors. 8vo.

Egan, (C.) Observations on the new French Law of Patents for
Inventions.

Family Sanctuary, a Form of Domestic Devotion for every Sabbath
in the year.

Foot Family in Ireland, a novel.

Fergusson, (James) Description of the Rock-cut Temples of India.
8 vo.

Foster, (John) Lectures delivered at Broadmead Chapel, Bristol.
Glenny, Gardening for the Million. 18mo.

Hill, (Rev. G. D.) Sermons on the Ten Commandments.

Howard, (J. E.) Eight Lectures on the Scriptural Truths opposed
by Puseyism.

Hand Book of Foreign Cookery. 8vo.

Hall, (Mrs. S. C.) The White Boy, a story of Ireland in 1822.
Inman, (W. S.) Essay on Symbolical Colors.

Leatham, (W. H.) Lectures delivered at Literary and Mechanics’
Institutions.

Lappenbergh’s Anglo-Saxon History, translated from the German.

2 vols. 8vo.

Letters selected from the Correspondence of Helen Plumptre.
Lister, (C.) College Chums, a novel. 2 vols.

MacBriar, (Rev. R. M.) Chapters on National Education. 8vo.
Mass and Rubrics of the Roman Catholic Church, translated into
English by the Rev. John Cotter, A. M.

Neison, (F. G. P.) Contributions to Vital Statistics, a development
of the Rate of Mortality and the Laws of Sickness. 4to.

OEdipus Tyrannus of Sophocles, with notes. By T. Mitchell, A.
M. 8vo.

Orphan Boy, (The) by Mary Elliott.

Peats, (Rev. J.) Sapphic Odes of Horace. 12mo.

Perfect Peace, Letters memorial of the late J. W. Howell. By
Rev. D. Pitcairn ; and Introduction, by Rev. J. Stephenson.

Rush, (R.) Residence at the Court of London, second series. 2 vols.
8vo.

Roberts, (Mary) Flowers of the Matin and Even Song.

Sermons to his late Parishioners, by Bishop Thomas, of Frederick-
ton. 12mo.

Smith, (C. H.) Observations on Stones used for Building, with 7
plates. 4to.

Smith, (Thomas) On Acute Hydrocephalus, or Water-Brain Fever.

8vo.

Souvenir of the Bristol Chess Club. 12mo.

Spence, (Rev. J.) Christ the Christian's God and Saviour.
Stephens’s Ecclesiastical Institutes and Eleemosynary Institutions.

2 vols. 8vo.

Strzelecki, Physical Description of New South Wales and Van
Dieman’s Land, plates. 8vo.

Smith, (G.) Perilous Times, or the Aggressions of Anti-Christian
Error on Scriptural Christianity. 12mo.

Tales of the Trains, by Tilbury Tramp: a series of books adapted
for the amusement of railway and other travellers.

Tait, (Rev. W.) Meditationes Hebraica, an Exposition of the
Epistle of Paul to the Hebrews. 2 vols. 8vo.

Twiss,- (T.) On Certain Tests of a Thriving Population. 8vo.
Waddington, (George) Three Lectures on National Education, de-
livered at Newcastle, on Tyne. 8vo.

Walpole, (Horace) Memoirs of the Reign of George III. Edited,
with Notes, by Sir Dennis Le Merchant, (concluding volumes.)
Ulrich, a tale. By Ida, Countess Hahn-Hahn.

Urling, (R. W.) Laws of Patents in Foreign Countries.

Upsal, (Archbishop of) Review of the present state of the Church,
translated from the Swedish of Christ.

Winer, (Dr. G. B.) Grammar of the Idioms of the Greek language
of the New Testament.

INTERESTING WORKS

JUST PUBLISHED BY

HARPER & BROTHERS, NEW-YORK.

THE NEW REFORMATION.

Now ready, with curious Illustrative Plate, price 25 cents, or
Muslin, 371/2 cents.

JOHN RONGE,

THE HOLY COAT OF TREVES,

AND THE NEW GERMAN CATHOLIC CHURCH.

Including authentic details of the events connected with the
recent exhibition of the pretended " Coat of our Lord” in the
Cathedral of Treves, during the months of August and September,
1844: comprising the letters and protestations of the author
against the imposition and superstitions of the Roman Catholic
priests, &c.

This publication is exceedingly opportune : it will be perused
with deep interest by the Protestant community at large.—Com-
mercial Advertiser.

The noble protest of Ronge has been circulated in Germany,
not by thousands, but by millions of copies; and it has been hailed
with loud applause by all classes, because it expresses a public
sentiment, and finds a response in all hearts.—New York Observer.

PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES.

In one volume, 12mo., beautifully printed, price 75 cts.

A PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES,

THROUGH THE VALLEY

OF THE MEUSE, AND THE FOREST OF
ARDENNES.

BY CHARLES EDWARD ANTHON, Esq.

This is the production of a young American, who had the rare
fortune to be present at the most marvellous occurrence of the
19th century—the exhibition of the Holy Robe. In addition to a
very graphic description of this extraordinary event, which, from
the excitement it has created, seems destined to be an era in the
Christian Church, this unpretending volume is replete with anti-
quarian lore, relating to the city of Charlemagne, from which the
Pilgrimage” commences—the intermediate historic and poetic
ground; and of the once renowned city of Treves, with which it
closes. It is the work of a scholar, and cannot fail to enlist a pro-
found interest.— Oswego Advertiser.

MR. PRESCOTT’S HISTORICAL WORKS.

In 3 volumes 8vo, beautifully printed, and accompanied with fine
Engravings.

HISTORY OF

THE CONQUEST OF MEXICO,

WITH A LIFE OF THE CONQUEROR, HERNANDO CORTES AND A
VIEW OF ANCIENT MEXICAN CIVILIZATION.

BY WILLIAM H. PRESCOTT, Esq.

Mr. Prescott appears to possess almost every qualification for
his task ; he has a pure, simple, and eloquent style—a keen relish
for the picturesque—a quick and discerning judgment of character,
and a calm, generous, and enlightened spirit of philanthropy.
There is no exaggeration in stating that his " Conquest of Mexico”
contains most of the valuable qualities which distinguish the most
popular historical writers in our language of the present day.
It unites the chivalrous but truthful enthusiasm of Col. Napier, and
the vivacity of the accomplished author of the “ Siege of Granada,”
with the patient and ample research of Mr. Tytler.—Edinburgh
Review, May, 1845.

In 3 volumes 8vo, uniform with the above, with Portraits and Maps.

HISTORY OF THE

REIGN OF FERDINAND AND ISABELLA,

THE CATHOLIC.

BY WILLIAM H. PRESCOTT, Esq.

The Tenth Edition.

It would be altogether supererogatory to make this celebrated
work the subject of critical analysis, since it has so long been dis-
tinguished by the concurrent and enthusiastic applause of the
whole reading community. We know of scarcely any other work
so amusing, instructive, and powerfully attractive as the " History
of Ferdinand and Isabella;” it possesses every charm which ele-
gance of diction, gracefulness of style, and interest of subject can
impart. In a word, it is such a production as could only have
emanated from a mind richly stored with the wealth of sound
learning, genius, and the felicitous art of its application.—N. Y.
Review.

415

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

JUST PUBLISHED,

WILEY & PUTNAM’S

LIBRARY OF AMERICAN BOOKS.

JOURNAL OF AN AFRICAN CRUISER.

Journal or an African Cruiser; comprising Sketches of the
Canaries, the Cape de Verdes, Liberia, Madeira, Sierra Leone,
and other places of interest on the West Coast of Africa. By an
Officer of the U. S. Navy. Edited by Nathaniel Hawthorne.
50 cents.

II.

POE’S TALES.

Talks. By Edgar A. Poe. 50 cents.

This excellent collection will include the most characteristic of
the peculiar series of Tales written by Mr. Poe. Among others
will be found “ The Murders of the Rue Morgue,’’ “ The Purloin-
ed Letter," “ Marie Roget,” “ The House of Usher,” “ William
Wilson," “ The Gold Bug,” “ The Descent into the Maelstrom,”
“ The Premature Burial, “ Mesmeric Revelations,” &c., &c.

III.

LETTERS FROM ITALY.

BY J. T. Headley. 50 cts.

Contents.—Voyage to Italy—Man Lost Overboard ; Gibraltar
—Approach to Geneva; First Impressions—Lunatics; Description
of Genoa; House-Hunting—Romantic Marriage; Funeral in the
Morning—Murder of an American Officer; Carnival—Clara Novel-
lo—Persecution of a Painter; Columbus’ Manuscrips—Horseback
Ride—Death in the Theatre; A Day's Ramble through Genoa;
Italian Soirees and Beauty—Marquis of Palavicini, &c., &c.
Published and for sale by	WILEY & PUTNAM,

161 Broadway.

LONDON AND PARIS LITERARY AGENCY-

O. Rich & SONS.

A GENTS FOR THE PURCHASE OF BOOKS FOR

AMERICA.

Agents for the Library of Congress,

The New-York Society Library.

The Albany Institute,

The Boston Athenaeum, &c. &c. &c.

12 Red Lion Square, London.

12 Rue Pot de Per. Paris.

Mr. Rich Respectfully informs his friends and fellow-citizens that he
has formed an establishment in Paris, in connexion with his old estab-
lishment in Red Lion Square, for the purpose of furnishing BOOKS
published on the continent without the heavy expense attending their
transmission through England. Each of these establishments will be
conducted by one of his sons, under his own general superintendence.—
This new arrangement, he trusts, will prove of signal advantage to his
correspondents, and no exertions will be wanting to execute their orders
on the most advantageous terms. Orders may be sent through, and
small sums payed to Messrs. Goodhue & Co. of New-York. Two and a
half percent will be allowed to all those who make a remittance with
their orders.

Mr. Rich, having made Bibliography his special study for forty years,
possesses a knowledge of books and editions not often to be met with,
and will be happy to give any advice and information respecting the for-
mation of Libraries or Collections of Books in any particular branch of
literature or science. For information in regard to his efficiency, he
begs to refer to Messrs. Prescott, Ticknor, Sparks, Irving, and other lit-
erary characters in the United States, to whom he is known. Intending
to devote the remainder of hie life to literary pursuits, his greatest plea-
sure will arise from sending rare and valuable books to his own country ;
and he trusts to live long enough to see in the United States a Library
which may bear a comparison with the most celebrated in Europe. If
he can live to say, “ I also assisted IN its Formation,” his most ar-
dent wishes will be gratified.

Mr. Rich has in press—Bibliotheca Americana Nova: a Cata-
logue of Books relating to America, including Voyages to the South
Seas and round the World : Part III. from 1831 to 1845, with supplement
and index completing the work.

He has also ready for the press, Bibliotheca Americana Vetus: a
Catalogue of Books relating to America from the discovery to the year
1700 ; with notes and observations : in one vol, 8 vo., of about 400 pages.

Mr Rich has also ready a reprint from Thevenot's Collection of Fath-
er Marquette’s account of the discovery of the Mississippi, entitled,

' Decouverte de quelques Pays et Nations de l'Amerique Septentrionale.’
Only 125 copies are printed, which will be distributed among Mr. Rich's
friends and correspondents.

Mr. Rich has also purchased the remaining copies of the part relating
to America of L'Art de Verifier les Dates; of which ten volumes in oc-
tavo, by D. B- Warden, Esq., are printed, and two volumes more, com-
pleting the work, will be published during the course of the present
year.

Price of the ten volumes published, ....	40 francs

Complete sets of the Art de Verifier les Dates, in 44 vols. 8vo, 160 francs,
instead of 308, the original price.

Paris, May 1,1845.	may24

The National Magazine and Industrial Record, No. I.

EDITED BY REDWOOD FISHER,

ASSISTED IN THE STATISTICAL DEPARTMENT BY MR. EDWIN WILLIAMS.

Published Monthly, in Numbers of 96 pages, $5 per Annum.

THE DESIGN OF THIS WORK IS TO DEVEL-

ope all the great resources of the country, as they are shown in
its Agriculture, Manufacture and Commerce. Essays and statements
on these great interests will be given, with notices of Manufacturing
Towns and Villages, Internal Improvements, New Inventions, and Sta-
tistical Details, exhibiting the progress of American industry.

FROISSART’S CHRONICLES of England, France and Spain
with an Essay on the Character and Society of the Middle Ages. One
vol. 4to. pp. 634. $3.

SCARCE WORKS.

THE BRITISH NAVAL CHRONICLE; a General and Biograph-
ical History of the Royal Navy, 20 vols. 8vo., bound, with numerous
plates. Price $50.

NILES’ WEEKLY REGISTER, (Subscriber’s Copy) in 30 vols,
8vo., bound. Price, $50.

Subscriptions received to all the American and English Periodicals
and orders for books promptly executed.

FINDEN’S LANDSCAPE ILLUSTRATIONS, of the Prose and
Poetical Words of Sir Walter Scott, with portraits of the principal fe-
male characters. The designs from Westall, Landseer, Leslie, Stanfield,
Prout, &c., with letter-press descriptions. 3 vols. Containing 120
plates; turkey morocco, extra. Price $12.

FOR SALE, a single copy of "Sparking,” the last print of the Ameri-
can Art Union.

LANDSCAPE ILLUSTRATIONS of the Bible, from original
sketches by eminent artists.

A few copies of the " Blind Fiddler,” from Wildie.

J. SMITH HOMANS,

Sun Office, corner of Fulton and Nassau Streets.

VANDENHOFF’S ELOCUTION.

SECOND EDITION.—This valuable work is being introduced
into a large number of the best Schools in the City and
Country.

It only needs to be generally known to become universally
established.

Testimonials are received from every quarter.

From Rev. R. F. Burnham, Rector of St- Paul's Church, Hoboken.

“ Having seen, with much pleasure, a second edition, by your
house, of “ A Plain System of Elocution,” I beg leave to express
to you my opinion of the high merit of that work.

Its title is in keeping with the plan pursued in the book; a rare
fact in this age of making many books. In the work may be found
what this ago needs—a System of Elocution, that presents to the
learner something tangible; and that combines meaning with
beauty, and beauty with force.

I hereby express the opinion that the Principals of Seminaries
of Learning would benefit the department of Elocution, by the
introduction of Mr. Vandenhoff's System.”

C. SHEPARD, Publisher,

191 Broadway, opposite John-street.

MANESCA’S ORAL SYSTEM OF TEACHING

THE FRENCH LANGUAGE, pursued by his daughter, Madame
Durand, either in class or private lessons, to Ladies and Gentlemen, at
No. 35 Walker-street.

MUSIC FOR THE MILLION.

Moore’s Irish Melodies—eight songs and five pieces, 25 cents.
Six Songs and three Pieces from the Bohemian Girl,	25

; Three Airs and two Polkas from the Bohemian Girl,	12£

' Eleven of Lover’s celebrated Irish Songs,	25

Nine Songs and Cotillions from the Ethiopian Serenaders, 25
Nine Favorite Polkas, by Strauss, Lubitzky, &c„	25

Gems of Scottish Song, containing fifty-seven Songs, Bal-
lads, &c.; in embossed binding,	(1 50

Hunten’s celebrated Piano-Forte Instructions and Exer-
cises.

Same, abridged.

Crivelli's celebrated Instructions and Exercises in Sing-
ing.

Forty-three Sacred and Moral Songs, one vol.	$1 50

The Founding of the Bell. By Henry Russell.

Far Away in My Own Bright Laud. (Bohemian Girl.)

Beauties of the Bohemian Girl. By Rimbault.

Beauties of Torquato Tasss. By Donizetti.

Beauties of L’ F.lisir d’Amore. By Rimbault.

•• Long Time Ago." Variations by Czerny.

The Loved One was not There. By Dempster.

The May Queen.	By	do.

A Home in the Heart.	By	do.

Hear Me, Norma. Duett from La Norma.

For sale by

J. SMITH HOMANS,

Boa Office, Foltoo-streat

416

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

SIR —WE WILL THANK YOU TO CAUTION

the public against a set of imposters who are calling upon our cus-
tomers, asserting that they are engaged by us in the capacity of agents.
In several instances they have succeeded in obtaining orders. But when
the goods are delivered great dissatisfaction has been given by the infa-
mous and utterly base imitations. But still persisting that the cards
are our manufacture, they too often succeed in foisting them upon the
unsuspecting. We ourselves would strenuously caution the said parties
that, should they persist after this notice, we will try what effect a State
Prison will have upon them. We are, Sir, Your most obt’y,

J. B. CAREY & CO.,
Ornamental Show Card Manufacturers,

34 Beekman-St. (late 323 Broadway.)

An agent wanted for New-York City. Also one for New-York State
—whose name will be published as our authorized agent.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE,

THE FIRST PREMIUM AWARDED FIVE TEARS BY THE AMERICAN INSTITUTE
FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF-HAND PENMANSHIP.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY.

No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P. M. daily for gentlemen, and
from 11 to 1 o’clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

A CARD.

WM. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANOFORTE,

ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank-street, where his terms
for giving instruction can be ascertained.	myl7

THE BOEHM FLUTE.

PHILIP ERNST, Teacher of the Flute and Gui-

tar, would inform the lovers of Music that he has now for sale sev-
eral of the above celebrated instruments, constructed in every respect in
accordance with those now in use at the Paris and London Royal Acade-
mies. To be seen at PHILIP ERNST’S Music Saloon, 395 Broadway,
near Walker-st.

THE BOEHM FLUTE.

(NEW INVENTION.)

Adopted at the Royal Academy of Music. London, the Conservatorie at Paris,
	and the Principal Musical Institutions in Europe.

 MR. LARRABEE, Manufacturer of the ‘Boehm Flute,’

110 FultoN-St. N.Y., anxious to introduce to the Amateurs of this
city the above Important Invention, which has been so enthusiasti-
cally received and generally used by the most distinguished Europe-
an artists, feels happy in being able to place before them the following
testimonial to its merits, signed by two of the most distinguished of our
resident Artists.	

We hereby certify to the excellence of the Boehm Flute, as manufactured
by Mr. J. D. Larrabee: to the beauty of its tone, the perfection of
its tune, and the simplicity of its fingering, which renders a bril-
liant execution comparatively easy.

Philip Ernst, (who has already introduced it
successfully among his pupils.)			

John A. Kyle, Principal Flute of the Philhar-
monic Society, and Italian Opera, Professor and Teacher of the Boehm
Flute, 41 Forsyth-st. New-York.

 Amateurs and Professors are requested to call at the manufactory, 110
Fulton-st. and judge for themselves.	

PIANO FORTES,

THE Subscribers, while returning thanks to their nu-
merous friends and to the public, would, at the same time call atten- 
tion to their Stock of Instruments, of six and seven octaves, just finished,
in elegant Rosewood and Mahogany cases.

The Subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM, 361 Broadway.
Manufactory, I3th st., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

PIANO FORTES. —JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to the
elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establishment, cor-
ner of Cottage-Place and Bleecker-street, which he will sell as
prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twenty
years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two of the 
largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saving that his instru- 
ments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the best makers in
this country or Europe, and that they contain all the real improvements
of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and
Repaired.

New-York, April 28d, 1845.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER,

88, 90, & 92 WALKER-STREET, NEAR ELM.

A Large Stock of the finest Instruments always on hand.

TERMS MODERATE.

FOR SALE—A splendid harp, nearly new. To be sold at a great
bargaia for cash.

PIANO FORTES.—A. H. GALE & CO.’s Ware-

Rooms, No. 289 Broadway—Manufactory Third Avenue, corner of
13th street.

Purchasers are invited to call and examine their extensive assortment
of Rosewood and Mahogany Piano Fortes, with from six to seven oc-
taves, embracing every variety of patterns, made in their well-known
substantial manner, under their immediate and personal superintendence,
by skillful and experienced mechanics, from the best seasoned materials.
These instruments embrace many important improvements, which
will recommend themselves, and are finished in the highest state of
perfection, with the best French grand action, warranted in every respect
by the manufacturer.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal-

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made from
choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful workman-
ship, the result of 23 years experience in the business.

N. B. Wanted a second-hand Parlor Organ,

Piano Fortes on hire by the month.

F RILEY & CO., No. 297 Broadway, (between

 Reade and Duane-Streets,) N. Y., Publishers of Music, and Man-
ufacturers of Musical Instruments, wholesale and retail. In addition to
their own catalogue (one of the largest in the United States,) they keep
on hand the publications of all the principal Music houses. They are
erecting a large Saloon in the rear of their store, where Piano Fortes of a
superior quality, will constantly be kept on hand

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to
Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete
assortment of the largest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of
the most superior quality ; such as he is prepared to guarantee for
their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish, and to en-
dure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard prices.
Piano Fortes Tuned and Repared. Piano Fortes always on hire.

BERTINI'S MENHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive
work yet published in this country. Where pupils have
used this method, the most rapid advancement has been observed
in all cases. The most prominent feature of this work is that the
lessons, exercises, scales and studies are given in such PROGRES-
sive order, that they enlist the interests of pupils, and carry them
almost imperceptibly through those mechanical difficulties which,
otherwise, are too often made irksome in other instruction
books. The time has arrived when a superficial knowledge of the
Piano is of but little account, and it is only by the study of such
methods as Bertini's that pupils will be enabled to read music
with facility, and at the same time become good musicians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner;
the rudiments of music being given and illustrated at the same
time, and each lesson is fully explained by marginal notes on the
same page.

The publishers are in possession of the highest recommendations
from professional gentlemen, who speak of the superior merits of
Bellini’s Method over all others yet published in this country,
most of them having used the foreign copies previously. It will
only be necessary to give a few of the names in the principal cities.
Boston.	New-York.

Messrs. G. J. Webb,	Messrs. H. C. Timm,

J. G. Maedar,	W. Alpers,

H. T. Hach,	U. C. Hill,

E. L. White,	F. H. Brown.

David Paine,	Philadelphia.

A. Kurek,	B. C. Cross,

T. B. Moses.	Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw.

Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the
work. American edition published by E. H. WADE and W. H.
OAKES, 197 Washington street, Boston.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co..............................Boston, Mass.

Colon & Adriance....................Philadelphia, Pa.

R. G. H. Huntington,................Hartford, Ct.

George Jones,.......................Albany, N.Y.

Thomas H Pease......................New-Haven, Ct.

L. Willard,..........................Troy.

J. R. W inser, Printer, 138 Fulton-street.