THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.

EDGAR A. POE,

editor and proprietor.

NO. 17.

NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 1, 1845.

To the Public.—Edgar A. Poe, Esq. having purcha-
sed my interest in “ The Broadway Journal,” is now sole
proprietor of the same. All persons indebted to the pa-
per will please make settlement with him.

John Bisco.

New-York, Oct. 24, 1845.

Sonnet

Over the mountain tops, at close of day,

The golden glory of the sun departs;

While life’s fresh years are passing swift away
So fades youth’s sunshine from our living hearts,

And Innocence—and trustful Truth—that went—
Pure-handed sisters—with the soul along,

And cheered the way with gentle blandishment,

With Faith and Hope have sighed their farewell song!
Faintly the echo lingers—less and less—

In vain the weeping soul implores its stay;

Still doomed to walk in doubt and bitterness,

Across the arid waste her dismal way;
To the goal pressing, where the weary slave
May find a rest—a birthright claim—the grave!

E. F. Ellet.

Some Words with a Mummy.

The symposium of the preceding evening had been a
little too much for my nerves. I had a wretched head-
ache, and was desperately drowsy. Instead of going
out, therefore, to spend the evening as I had proposed, it
occurred to me that I could not do a wiser thing than
just eat a mouthful of supper and go immediately to
bed.

A. light supper of course. I am exceedingly fond of
Welsh rabbit. More than a pound at once, however,
may not at all times be advisable. Still, there can be
no material objection to two. And really between two
and three, there is merely a single unit of difference. I
Ventured, perhaps, upon four. My wife will have it
five;—but, clearly, she has confounded two very distinct
affairs. The abstract number, five, I am willing to ad-
mit; but, concretely, it has reference to bottles of Brown
Stout, without which, in the way of condiment, Welsh
rabbit is to be eschewed.

Having thus concluded a frugal meal, and donned my
night-cap,with the serene hope of enjoying it till noon
the next day, I placed my head upon the pillow, and
through the aid of a capital conscience, fell into a pro-
found slumber forthwith.

But when were the hopes of humanity fulfilled? I
could not have completed my third snore when there
came a furious ringing at the street-door bell, and then
an impatient thumping at the knocker, which awakened
me at once. In a minute afterward, and while I was
still rubbing my eyes, my wife thrust in my face a note
from my old friend, Doctor Ponnonner. It ran thus:

Come to me by all means, my dear good friend, as soon as you
receive this. Come and help us to rejoice. At last, by long per-
severing diplomacy, I have gained the assent of the Directors of
the City Museum, to my examination of the Mummy—you know
the one I mean. I have permission to unswathe it and open it, if
desirable. A few friends only will be present—you, of course.
The Mummy is now at my house, and we shall begin to unroll
it at eleven to-night	Yours ever,

Ponnonner.

By the time I had reached the “Ponnonner,” it struck
me that I was as wide awake as a man need be. I leaped
out of bed in an ecstasy, overthrowing all in my way;
dressed myself with a rapidity truly marvellous; and
set off, at the top of my speed, for the Doctor’s.

There I found a very eager company assembled. They
had been awaiting me with much impatience; the
Mummy was extended upon the dining table; and the
moment I entered, its examination was commenced.

It was one of a pair brought, several years previously,
by Captain Arthur Sabretash, a cousin of Ponnonner’s,
from a tomb near Eleithias, in the Lybian Mountains,
a considerable distance above Thebes on the Nile. The
grottoes at this point, although less magnificent than
the Theban sepulchres, are of higher interest, on ac-
count of affording more numerous illustrations of the
private life of the Egyptians. The chamber from which
our specimen was taken, was said to be very rich in
such illustrations; the walls being completely covered
with fresco paintings and bas-reliefs, while statues,
vases, and Mosaic work of rich patterns, indicated the
vast wealth of the deceased.

The treasure had been deposited in the Museum pre-
cisely in the same condition in which Captain Sabretash
had found it;–that is to say, the coffin had not been
disturbed. For eight years it had thus stood, subject
only externally to public inspection. We had now, there-
fore, the complete Mummy at our disposal; and to those
who are aware how very rarely the unransacked an-
tique reaches our shores, it will be evident, at once,
that we had great reason to congratulate ourselves upon
our good fortune.

Approaching the table, I saw on it a large box, or
case, nearly seven feet long, and perhaps three feet wide,
by two feet and a half deep. It was oblong—not coffin-
shaped. The material was at first supposed to be the
wood of the sycamore (platanus), but, upon cutting into
it, we found it to be pasteboard, or more properly, pa-
pier maché, composed of papyrus. It was thickly or-
namented with paintings, representing funeral scenes,
and other mournful subjects, interspersed among which
in every variety of position, were certain series of hiero-
glyphical characters intended, no doubt, for the name of
the departed. By good luck, Mr. Gliddon formed one of
our party; and he had no difficulty in translating the
letters, which were simply phonetic, and represented the
word, Allamistakeo.

252

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

We had some difficulty in getting this case open with-
out injury, but, having at length accomplished the task,
we came to a second, coffin-shaped, and very considera-
bly less in size than the exterior one, but resembling it
precisely in every other respect. The interval between
the two was filled with resin, which had, in some degree,
defaced the colors of the interior box.

Upon opening this latter (which we did quite easily,)
we arrived at a third case, also coffin-shaped, and vary-
ing from the second one in no particular, except in that
of its material, which was cedar, and still emitted
the peculiar and highly aromatic odor of that wood.
Between the second and the third case there was no in-
terval; the one fitting accurately within the other.

Removing the third case, we discovered and took out
the body itself. We had expected to find it, as usual,
enveloped in frequent rolls, or bandages, of linen, but,
in place of these, we found a sort of sheath, made of pa-
pyrus, and coated with a layer of plaster, thickly gilt
and painted. The paintings represented subjects con-
nected with the various supposed duties of the soul,
and its presentation to different divinities, with nume-
rous identical human figures, intended, very probably,
as portraits of the persons embalmed. Extending from
head to foot, was a columnar, or perpendicular inscription
in phonetic hieroglyphics, giving again his name and
titles, and the names and titles of his relations.

Around the neck thus ensheathed, was a collar of cy-
lindrical glass beads, diverse in color, and so arranged as
to form images of deities, of the scarabæus, etc., with
the winged globe. Around the small of the waist was a
similar collar, or belt.

Stripping off the papyrus, we found the flesh in excel-
lent preservation, with no perceptible odor. The color
was reddish. The skin was hard, smooth and glossy.
The teeth and hair were in good condition. The eyes
(it seemed) had been removed, and glass ones substitu-
ted, which were very beautiful and wonderfully life-like,
with the exception of somewhat too determined a stare.
The finger and the nails were brilliantly gilded.

Mr. Gliddon was of opinion, from the redness of the
epidermis, that the embalment had been effected alto-
gether by asphaltum; but, on scraping the surface with
a steel instrument, and throwing into the fire some of
the powder thus obtained, the flavor of camphor and
other sweet-scented gums became apparent.

We searched the corpse very carefully for the usual
openings through which the entrails are extracted, but,
to our surprise, we could discover none. No member of
the party was at that period aware that entire or unopen-
ed mummies are not unfrequently met. The brain it
was customary to withdraw through the nose; the in-
testines through an incision in the side; the body was
then shaved, washed, and salted; then laid aside for se-
veral weeks, when the operation of embalming, properly
so called, began.

As no trace of an opening could be found, Doctor
Ponnonner was preparing his instruments for dissection,
when I observed that it was then past two o’clock.
Hereupon it was agreed to postpone the internal exam-
ination until the next evening; and we were, about to
separate for the present, when some one suggested an
experiment or two with the Voltaic pile.

The application of electricity to a Mummy three or
four thousand years old at the least, was an idea, if not
very sage, still sufficiently original, and we all caught
at it at once. About one tenth in earnest and nine tenths

in jest, we arranged a battery in the Doctor’s study,
and conveyed thither the Egyptian.

It was only after much trouble that we succeeded in
laying bare some portions of the temporal muscle which
appeared of less stony rigidity than other parts of the
frame, but which, as we had anticipated, of course, gave
no indication of galvanic susceptibility when brought in
contact with the wire. This the first trial, indeed,
seemed decisive, and, with a hearty laugh at our own
absurdity, we were bidding each other good night, when
my eyes, happening to fall upon those of the Mummy,
were there immediately riveted in amazement. My
brief glance, in fact, had sufficed to assure me that the
orbs which we had all supposed to be glass, and which
were originally noticeable for a certain wild stare, were
now so far covered by the lids that only a small portion
of the tunica albuginea remained visible.

With a shout I called attention to the fact, and it be-
came immediately obvious to all.

I cannot say that I was alarmed at the phenomenon,
because “alarmed” is, in my case, not exactly the word.
It is possible, however, that, but for the Brown Stout, I
might have been a little nervous. As for the rest of the
company, they really made no attempt at concealing the
downright fright which possessed them. Doctor Ponnon-
ner was a man to be pitied. Mr. Gliddon, by some pecu-
liar process, rendered himself invisible. Mr. Silk Buck-
ingham, I fancy, will scarcely be so bold as to deny that
he made his way, upon all fours, under the table.

After the first shock of astonishment, however, we re-
solved, as a matter of course, upon farther experiment
forthwith. Our operations were now directed against the
great toe of the right foot. We made an incision over the
outside of the exterior os sesamoideum pollicis pedis, and
thus got at the root of the abductor muscle. Re-adjust-
ing the battery, we now applied the fluid to the bisected
nerves—when, with a movement of exceeding life-like-
ness, the Mummy first drew up its right knee so as to
bring it nearly in contact with the abdomen, and then,
straightening the limb with inconceivable force, bestowed
a kick upon Doctor Ponnonner which had the effect of
discharging that gentleman, like an arrow from a cata-
pult, through a window into the street below.

We rushed out en masse to bring in the mangled re-
mains of the victim, but had the happiness to meet him
upon the staircase, coming up in an unaccountable hurry,
brimfull of the most ardent philosophy, and more than
ever impressed with the necessity of prosecuting our ex-
periments with rigor and with zeal.

It was by his advice, accordingly, that we made, upon
the spot, a profound incision into the tip of the subject’s
nose, while the Doctor himself, laying violent hands up-
on it, pulled it into vehement contact with the wire.

Morally and physically—figuratively and literally—
was the effect electric. In the first place, the corpse
opened its eyes and winked very rapidly for several mi-
nutes, as does Mr. Barnes in the pantomime; in the se-
cond place, it sneezed; in the third, it sat upon end; in
the fourth, it shook its fist in Doctor Ponnonner's face; in
the fifth, turning to Messiurs Gliddon and Buckingham,
it addressed them, in very capital Egyptian, thus:|

“I must say, gentlemen, that I am as much surprised
as I am mortified, at your behaviour. Of Doctor Ponnon-
ner nothing better was to be expected. He is a poor
little fat fool who knows no better. I pity and forgive
him. But you, Mr. Gliddon—and you, Silk—who have
travelled and resided in Egypt until one might imagine

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

S 53

you to the manor born—you, I say, who have been so
much among us that you speak Egyptian fully as well, I
think, as you write your mother tongue—you, whom I
have always been led to regard as the firm friend of
the mummies—I really did anticipate more gentlemanly
conduct from you. What am I to think of your standing
quietly by and seeing me thus unhandsomely used?
What am I to suppose by your permitting Tom, Dick
and Harry to strip me of my coffins, and my clothes,
in this wretchedly cold climate? In what light (to
come to the point) am I to regard your aiding and abct-;
ting that miserable "little villain, Doctor Ponnonner, in
pulling me by the nose ?”

It will be taken for granted, no doubt, that upon hear-
ing this speech under the circumstances, we all either
made for the door, or fell into violent hysterics, or went
off in a general swoon. One of these three things was,
I say, to be expected. Indeed each and all of these lines
of conduct might have been very plausibly pursued.
And, upon my word, I am at a loss to know how or
why it was that we pursued neither the one or the
other. But, perhaps, the true reason is to be sought in
the spirit of the age, which proceeds by the rule of
contraries altogether, and is now usually admitted as
the solution of everything in the way of paradox and
impossibility. Or, perhaps, after all, it was only the
Mummy’s exceedingly natural and matter-of-course air
that divested his words of the terrible. However this
may be, the facts are clear, and no member of our par-
ty betrayed any very particular trepidation, or seemed
to consider that any thing had gone very especially
wrong.

For my part I was convinced it was all right, and
merely stepped aside, out of the range of the Egypt-
ian’s fist. Doctor Ponnonner thrust his hands into his 
breeches’ pockets, looked hard at the Mummy, and grew 
excessively red in the face. Mr. Gliddon stroked his 
whiskers and drew up the collar of his shirt. Mr. Buck-
ingham hung down his head, and put his right thumb into
the left corner of his mouth.

The Egyptian regarded him with a severe countenance
for some minutes, and at length, with a sneer, said:

“Why don’t you speak, Mr. Buckingham? Did you
hear what I asked you, or not? Do take your thumb out
of your mouth!”

Mr. Buckingham, hereupon, gave a slight start, took
his right thumb out of the left corner of his mouth, and,
by way of indemnification, inserted his left thumb in
the right comer of the aperture above-mentioned.

Not being able to get an answer from Mr. B., the figure
turned peevishly to Mr. Gliddon, and, in a peremptory
tone, demanded in general terms what we all meant.

Mr. Gliddon replied at great length, in phonetics ; and
but for the deficiency of American printing-offices in
hieroglyphical type, it would afford me much pleasure to
record here, in the original, the whole of his very ex-
cellent speech.

I may as well take this occasion to remark, that all
the subsequent conversation in which the Mummy took
a part, was carried on in primitive Egyptian, through
the medium (so far as concerned myself and other untra-
velled members of the company)—through the medium,

I say, of Messiurs Gliddon and Buckingham, as interpre-
ters. These gentlemen spoke the mother-tongue of the
mummy with inimitable fluency and grace; but I could
not help observing that (owing, no doubt, to the introduc-
tion of images entirely modem, and, of course, entirely no-

vel to the stranger,) the two travelers were reduced, occa-
sionally, to the employment of sensible forms for the pur-
pose of conveying a particular meaning. Mr. Gliddon, at
one period, for example, could not make the Egyptian com-
prehend the term “politics,” until he sketched upon
the wall, with a bit of charcoal, a little carbuncle-nosed
gentleman, out at elbows, standing upon a stump, with
his left leg drawn back, his right arm thrown forward,
with the fist shut, the eyes rolled up toward Heaven,

 and the mouth open at an angle of ninety degrees.
Just in the same way Mr. Buckingham failed to con-
vey the absolutely modem idea, “wig,” until, (at Doc-
tor Ponnonner’s suggestion,) he grew very pale in the
face, and consented to take off his own.

It will be readily understood that Mr. Gliddon’s dis-
course turned chiefly upon the vast benefits accruing to
science from the unrolling and disembowelling of mum-
mies; apologizing, upon this score, for any disturbance
 that might have been occasioned him, in particular, the
individual Mummy called Allamistakeo; and concluding
with a mere hint, (lor it could scarcely be considered
more,) that, as these little matters were now explained,
it might be as well to proceed with the investigation in-
tended. Here Doctor Ponnonner made ready his instru-
ments.

In regard to the latter suggestions of the orator, it ap-
pears that Allamistakeo had certain scruples of con-
science, the nature of which I did not distinctly learn;
but he expressed himself satisfied with the apologies ten-
dered, and, getting down from the table, shook hands
with the company all round.

When this ceremony was at an end, we immediately
busied ourselves in repairing the damages which our
subject had sustained from the scalpel. We sewed up
the wound in his temple, bandaged his foot, and applied
a square inch of black plaster to the tip of his nose.

It was now observed that the Count, (this was the ti-
tle, it seems, of Allamistakeo,) had a slight fit of shiver-
ing—no doubt from the cold. The doctor immediately
repaired to his wardrobe, and soon returned with a black
dress coat, made in Jennings’ best manner, a pair of sky-
blue plaid pantaloons with straps, a pink gingham che-
mise, a flapped vest of brocade, a white sack overcoat, a
walking cane with a hook, a hat with no brim, patent-
leather boots, straw-colored kid gloves, an eye-glass, a
pair of whiskers, and a waterfall cravat. Owing to the
disparity of size between the Count and doctor, (the pro-
portion being as two to one,) there was some little diffi-
in adjusting these habiliments upon the person of the
Egyptian; but when all was arranged, he might have
been said to be dressed. Mr. Gliddon, therefore, gave
him his arm, and led him to a comfortable chair by the
fire, while the doctor rang the bell upon the spot and or-
dered a supply of cigars and wine.

The conversation soon grew animated. Much curiosi-
ty was, of course, expressed in regard to the somewhat
remarkable fact of Allamistakeo’s still remaining a-
live.

“I should have thought,” observed Mr. Buckingham,

“ that it is high lime you were dead.”

“Why,” replied the Count, very much astonished, “I
am little more than seven hundred years old! My father
lived a thousand, and was by no means in his dotage
when he died.”

Here ensued a brisk series of questions and computa-
tions, by means of which it became evident that the an-
tiquity of the Mummy had been grossly misjudged. It

254

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

had been five thousand and fifty years, and some months,
since he had been consigned to the catacombs at Elei-
thias.

“But my remark,” resumed Mr. Buckingham, “had
no reference to your age at the period of interment; (I
am willing to grant, in fact, that you are still a young
man,) and my allusion was to the immensity of time du-
ring which, by your own showing, you must have been
done up in asphaltum.”

“In what ?” said the Count.

“In asphaltum,” persisted Mr. B.

“Ah, yes; I have some faint notion of what you mean;
it might be made to answer, no doubt,—but in my time
we employed scarcely anything else than the Bichloride
of Mercury.”

“But what we are especially at a loss to understand,”
said Doctor Ponnonner, “is how it happens that, having
been dead and buried in Egypt five thousand years ago,
you are here to-day all alive, and looking so delightfully
well.”

“Had I been, as you say, dead," replied the Count, “it
is more than probable that dead I should still be; for I
perceive you are yet in the infancy of Galvanism, and
cannot accomplish with it what was a common thing
among us in the old days. But the fact is, I fell into
catalepsy, and it was considered by my best friends that
I was either dead or should be; they accordingly em-
balmed me at once—I presume you are aware of the
chief principle of the embalming process?”

“Why, not altogether.”

“Ah, I perceive;—a deplorable condition of ignorance!
Well, I cannot enter into details just now: but it is ne-
cessary to explain that to embalm, (properly speaking,)
in Egypt, was to arrest indefinitely all the animal func-
tions subjected to the process. I use the word “animal”
in its widest sense, as including the physical not more
than the moral and vital being. I repeat that the lead-
ing principle of embalment consisted, with us, in the
immediately arresting, and holding in perpetual abey-
ance, all the animal functions subjected to the process.
To be brief, in whatever condition the individual was, at
the period of embalment, in that condition he remain-
ed. Now, as it is my good fortune to be of the blood of
the Scaraboeus, I was embalmed alive, as you see me at
present.”

“The blood of the Scaraboeus!” exclaimed Doctor
Ponnonner.

“Yes. The Scaraboeus was the insignium, or the
“arras,” of a very distinguished and a very rare patrician
family. To be “of the blood of the Scaraboeus,” is
merely to be one of that family of which the Scaraboeus
is the irsignium. I speak figuratively.”

“But what has this to do with your being alive?”

“Why it is the general custom, in Egypt, to deprive a
corpse, before embalment, of its bowels and brains;
the race of the Scaraboei alone did not coincide with the
custom. Had I not been a Scaraboeus, therefore, I should
have been without bowels and brains; and without either
it is inconvenient to live.”

“I perceive that;” said Mr. Buckingham, “and I pre-
sume that all the entire mummies that come to hand are
of the race of Scaraboei.”

“Beyond doubt.”

“I thought,” said Mr. Gliddon very meekly, “that the
Scaraboeus was one of the Egyptian gods.”

“One of the Egyptian what?” exclaimed the Mummy,
starting to its feet.

“Gods!” repeated the traveler.

“Mr. Gliddon I really am ashamed to hear you talk in
this style,” said the Count, resuming his chair. “No
nation upon the face of the earth has ever acknowledged
more than one god. The Scaraboeus, the Ibis, etc., were
with us, (as similar creatures have been with others)
the symbols, or media, through which we offered wor-
ship to a Creator too august to be more directly ap-
proached.”

There was here a pause. At length the colloquy was
renewed by Doctor Ponnonner.

“It is not improbable, then, from what you have ex-
plained,” said he, “that among the catacombs near the
Nile, there may exist other mummies of the Scaraboeus
tribe, in a condition of vitality.”

“There can be no question of it,” replied the Count;
all the Scaraboei embalmed accidentally while alive, are
alive now. Even some of those purposely so embalmed,
may have been overlooked by their executors, and still
remain in the tombs.”

“Will you be kind enough to explain,” I said, “what
you mean by ‘ purposely so embalmed?’”

“With great pleasure,” answered the Mummy, after
surveying me leisurely through his eye-glass—for it was
the first time I had ventured to address him a direct
question.

“With great pleasure,” said he. “The usual dura-
tion of man’s life, in my time, was about eight hundred
years. Few men died, unless by most extraordinary acci-
dent, before the age of six hundred; few lived longer
than a decade of centuries; but eight were considered
the natural term. After the discovery of the embalming
principle, as I have already described it to you, it oc-
curred to our philosophers that a laudable curiosity
might be gratified, and, at the same time, the interests of
science much advanced, by living this natural term in
instalments. In the case of history, indeed, experience
demonstrated that something of this kind was indispen-
sable. An historian, for example, having attained the age
of five hundred, would write a book with great labor and
then get himself carefully embalmed; leaving instruc-
tions to his executors pro tem., that they should cause
him to be revivified after the lapse of a certain period—
say five or six hundred years. Resuming existence at the
expiration of this term, he would invariably find his
great work converted into a species of hap-hazard note-
book—that is to say, into a kind of literary arena for the
conflicting guesses, riddles, and personal squabbles of whole
herds of exasperated commentators. These guesses, etc.,
which passed under the name of annotations or emenda-
tions, were found so completely to have enveloped, dis-
torted, and overwhelmed the text, that the author had to
go about with a lantern to discover his own book. When
discovered, it was never worth the trouble of the search.
After re-writing it throughout, it was regarded as the
bounden duty of the historian to set himself to work,
immediately, in correcting from his own private
knowledge and experience, the traditions of the day con-
cerning the epoch at which he had originally lived.
Now this process of re-scription and personal rectifica-
tion, pursued by various individual sages, from time to
time, had the effect of preventing our history from de-
generating into absolute fable."

“I beg your pardon," said Doctor Ponnonner at this
point, laying his hand gently upon the arm of the Egyptian—“I beg your pardon, sir, but may I presume to in-
terrupt you for one moment?”

“By all means, sir,” replied the Count, drawing up.

"I merely wished to ask you a question," said the

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

?55

Doctor. “ You mentioned the historian’s personal correc-
tion of traditions respecting his own epoch. Pray, sir,
upon an average, what proportion of these Kabbala were
usually found to be right ?”

“The Kabbala, as you properly term them, sir, were
generally discovered to be precisely on a par with the
facts recorded in the un-re-written histories themselves;
—that is to say, not one individual iota of either, was
ever known, under any circumstances, to be not totally
and radically wrong.”

“But since it is quite clear,” resumed the Doctor,
“that at least five thousand years have elapsed since your
entombment, I take it for granted that your histories at
that period, if not your traditions, were sufficiently ex-
plicit on that one topic of universal interest, the Crea-
tion, which took place, as I presume you are aware, only
about ten centuries before.”

“ Sir!” said Count Allamistakeo.

The Doctor repeated his remarks, but it was only
after much additional explanation, that the foreigner
could be made to comprehend them. The latter at length
said, hesitatingly:

“The ideas you have suggested are to me, I confess,
utterly novel. During my time i never knew any one to
entertain so singular a fancy as that the universe (or this
world if you will have it so) ever had a beginning at all.
I remember, once, and once only, hearing something re-
motely hinted, by a man of many speculations, concern-
ing the origin of the human race; and by this individual
the very word Adam, (or Red Earth) which you make
use of, was employed. He employed it, however, in a
generical sense,with reference to the spontaneous germina-
tion from rank soil (just as a thousand of the lower gene-
ra of creatures are germinated)—the spontaneous germi-
nation, I say, of five vast hordes of men, simultaneously
upspringing in five distinct and nearly equal divisions of
the globe.”

Here, in general, the company shrugged their shoul-
ders, and one or two of us touched our foreheads with a
very significant air. Mr. Silk Buckingham, first glan-
cing slightly at the occiput and then at the siniciput of
Allamistakeo, spoke as follows:—

“The long duration of human life in your time, to-
gether with the occasional practice of passing it, as you
have explained, in instalments, must have had, indeed, a
strong tendency to the general development and conglom-
eration of knowledge. I presume, therefore, that we are
to attribute the marked inferiority of the old Egyptians
in all particulars of science, when compared with the
moderns, and more especially with the Yankees, alto-
gether to the superior solidity of the Egyptian skull.”

“I confess again,” replied the Count with much suavi-
ty, “that I am somewhat at a loss to comprehend you;
pray, to what particulars of science do you allude?”

Here our whole party, joining voices, detailed, at great
length, the assumptions of phrenology and the marvels of
animal magnetism.

Having heard us to an end, the Count proceeded to re-
late a few anecdotes, which rendered it evident that pro-
totypes of Gall and Spurzheim had flourished and faded 
in Egypt so long ago as to have been nearly forgotten,
and that the manoeuvre? of Mesmer were really very
contemptible tricks when put in collation with the posi-
tive miracles of the Theban savans, who created lice and
a great many other similar things.

I here asked the Count if his people were able to cal-
culate eclipses. He smiled rather contemptuously, and
said they were.

This put me a little out, but I began to make other in-
 quiries in regard to his astronomical knowledge, when a
member of the company, who had never as yet opened
his mouth, whispered in my ear that, for information on
this head, I had better consult Ptolemy, (whoever Ptol-
emy is) as well as one Plutarch de facie lunoe.

I then questioned the Mummy about burning-glasses
and lenses, and, in general, about the manufacture of
glass; but I had not made an end of my queries before
the silent member again touched me quietly on the elbow,
and begged me for God’s sake to take a peep at Diodorus
Siculus. As for the Count, he merely asked me, in the
way of reply, if we moderns possessed any such micro-
scopes as would enable us to cut cameos in the style of
the Egyptians. While I was thinking how I should an-
swer this question, little Doctor Ponnonner committed
himself in a very extraordinary way.

“Look at our architecture!” he exclaimed, greatly to
the indignation of both the travelers, who pinched him
black and blue to no purpose.

“Look,” he cried with enthusiasm, “at the Bowling-
Green Fountain in New York ! or if this be too vast a con-
templation, regard for a moment the Capitol at Washing-
ton, D. C.!”—and the good little medical man went on to
detail very minutely the proportions of the fabric to which
he referred. He explained that the portico alone was
adorned with no less than four and twenty columns, five
feet in diameter, and ten feet apart.

The Count said that he regretted not being able to re-
member, just at that moment, the precise dimensions of
any one of the principal buildings of the city of Aznac,
whose foundations were laid in the night of Time, but
the ruins of which were still standing, at the epoch of
his entombment, in a vast plain of sand to the westward
of Thebes. He recollected, however, (talking of porti-
coes) that one affixed to an inferior palace in a kind of
suburb called Carnac, consisted of a hundred and forty-
four columns, thirty-seven feet each in circumference, and
twenty-five feet apart. The approach to this portico,
from the Nile, was through an avenue two miles long,
composed of sphynxes, statues and obelisks, twenty, sixty,
and a hundred feet in height. The palace itself (as well
as he could remember) was, in one direction, two miles
long, and might have been, altogether, about seven in cir-
cuit. Its walls were richly painted all oyer, within and
without, with hieroglyphics. He would not pretend to
assert that even fifty or sixty of the Doctor’s Capitols
 might have been built within these walls, but he was by
no means sure that two or three hundred of them might
not have been squeezed in with some trouble. That pal-
ace at Carnac was an insignificant little building after all.
He, (the Count) however, could not conscientiously refuse
to admit the ingenuity, magnificence, and superiority of
 the Fountain at the Bowling-Green, as described by the
 Doctor. Nothing like it, he was forced to allow, had ever
 been seen in Egypt or elsewhere.

I here asked the Count what he had to say to our rail-
roads.

“Nothing,” he replied, “in particular.” They were
rather slight, rather ill-conceived, and clumsily put to-
gether. They could not be compared, of course, with the
vast, level, direct, iron-grooved causeways, upon which
the Egyptians conveyed entire temples and solid obelisks
of a hundred and fifty feet in altitude.

I spoke of our gigantic mechanical forces.

He agreed that we knew something in that way, but
inquired how I should have gone to work in getting up

256

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

the imposts on the lintels of even the little palace at Car-
nac.

This question I concluded not to hear, and demanded if
he had any idea of Artesian wells; but he simply raised
his eye-brows; while Mr. Gliddon, winked at me very
hard, and said, in a low tone, that one had been recently
discovered by the engineers employed to bore for water
in the Great Oasis.

I then mentioned our steel; but the foreigner elevated
his nose, and asked me if our steel could have executed 
the sharp curved work seen on the obelisks, and which
was wrought altogether by edge-tools of copper.

This disconcerted us so greatly that we thought it ad.
visable to vary the attack to Metaphysics. We sent for
a copy of a book called the “Dial,” and read out of it a
chapter or two about something which is not very clear,
but which the Bostonians call the Great Movement or
Progress.

The Count merely said that Great Movements were
awfully common things in his day, and as for Progress
it was at one time quite a nuisance, but it never pro-
gressed.

We then spoke of the great beauty and importance of
Democracy, and were at much trouble in impressing the
Count with a due sense of the advantages we enjoyed in
living where there was suffrage ad libitum, and no king.

He listened with marked interest, and in fact seemed
not a little amused. When we had done, he said that, a
great while ago, there had occurred something of a very
similar sort. Thirteen Egyptian provinces determined all
at once to be free, and so set a magnificent example to the 
rest of mankind. They assembled their wise men, and 
concocted the most ingenious constitution it is possible to 
conceive. For a while they managed remarkably well;
only their habit of bragging was prodigious. The thing
ended, however, in the consolidation of the thirteen states,
with some fifteen or twenty others, into the most odious
and insupportable despotism that ever was heard of upon
the face of the Earth.

I asked what was the name of the usurping tyrant.

As well as the Count could recollect, it was Mob.

Not knowing what to say to this, I raised my voice, and
deplored the Egyptian ignorance of steam.

The Count looked at me with much astonishment, but
made no answer. The silent gentleman, however, gave
me a violent nudge in the ribs with his elbows—told me
I had sufficiently exposed myself for once—and demanded
if I was really such a fool as not to know that the modern
steam engine is derived from the invention of Hero,
through Solomon de Caus.

We were now in imminent danger of being discomfited;
but, as good luck would have it, Doctor Ponnonner, having
rallied, returned to our rescue, and inquired if the people 
of Egypt would seriously pretend to rival the moderns in 
the all-important particular of dress.

The Count, at this, glanced downward to the straps of
his pantaloons, and then, taking hold of the end of
one of his coat-tails, held it up close to his eyes for some 
minutes. Letting it fall, at last, his mouth extended it- 
self very gradually from ear to ear; but I do not remember
that he said anything in the way of reply.

Hereupon we recovered our spirits, and the Doctor, ap-
proaching the mummy with great dignity, desired it to
say candidly, upon its honor as a gentleman, if the Egyp-
tians had comprehended, at any period, the manufacture
of either Ponnonner’s lozenges, or Brandreth’s pills.

We looked, with profound anxiety, for an answer but

in vain. It was not forthcoming. The Egyptian blushed
and hung down his head. Never was triumph more con-
summate; never was defeat borne with so ill a grace. In-
deed I could not endure the spectacle of the poor Mum-
my’s mortification. I reached my hat, bowed to him
stiffly, and took leave.

Upon getting home I found it past four o’clock, and
went immediately to bed. It is now ten, A. M. I have
been up since seven, penning these memoranda for the
benefit of my family and of mankind. The former I shall
behold no more. My wife is a shrew. The truth is, I am
heartily sick of this life and of the nineteenth century in
general. I am convinced that everything is going wrong.
Besides, I am anxious to know who will be President in
2045. As soon, therefore, as I shave and swallow a cup
of coffee, I shall just step over to Ponnonner’s and get em-
balmed for a couple of hundred years. EDGAR A. POE.

Autumn.

In the dim woods, sadly sighing,

Slowly, Summer lies a dying.

Round the mother they are leaving
Leaves, like children gather grieving.

Piteously in knots, above her,

Cold, and trembling violets hover.

Hark! a chime of bells is tolling
From the breeze’s belfry :—rolling

|

O'er the troubled tide of life,

E’er the grave has hushed its strife.

Every thing is now in keeping;

Solemn trees are standing weeping.

Soon, a snowy shroud will cover
Her pale lily limbs all over.

Like mourners in the open blast,

Leaves in funeral trains go past.

H. H. CLEMENTS.

Critical Notices. 

Alice Ray: a Romance in Rhyme. By Mrs. Sarah Jo-

sepha Hale, Author of “Northwood" &c. &c. Phila-

delphia.

Mrs. Hale has been long distinguished as one of the
purest and most vigorous writers in America—equally
distinguished in poetry and in prose,
 “Alice Ray” will add much—very much—to her well-
 earned reputation:—providing always the unpretending
 form in which it comes before the public, does not injure
 it in that most worldly public’s estimation, The volume,

 simply printed and bound, is dedicated to “ The Lady
 Patronesses of the Fair Bazaar [Philadelphia] in aid of
 the Academy of Fine Arts"—and has Charity, of course,
as its primary object.

The poem is truly beautiful. Its delicacy and fancy
 of conception, and the truthful simplicity and grace of
its manner, have, we confess, quite taken us by surprise.
We have read many of Mrs. Hale’s poetical composi-
tions, but were prepared for nothing so good.

The story has a marked orsginality in it, and is well
adapted to poetic effect—but the main excellence of the
work lies in its point and force of expression—in the
aggregate of its quotable passages. In place of an ela-
borate and needless criticism, we shall take the liberty

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

257

of placing a few of these before our readers:—italici-
zing what especially pleases us.

The birds their love notes warble
Among the blossom’d trees;

The flowers are sighing forth their sweets
To wooing honey bees;—

The glad brook o’er a pebbly floor
Goes dancing on its way,—

But not a thing is so like spring
As happy Alice Ray.

And, with the Story-tellers,

What friendships had she made!
She pitied lonely Crusoe's lot,

And lov'd Scheherazade,—

But to the Bard of Avon turn’d
Her fancy and her heart,

Nor knew which most in him she lov'd—

The nature or the art.

Her world was ever joyous—

She thought of grief and pain
As giants in the olden time
Thai ne’ er would come again.

Her heart was like a fountain,

The waters always sweet,—

Her poney in the pasture,

The kitten at her feet,

The ruffling bird of Juno, and
The men in the olden wall—

Each knew her loving carefulness,

And came at her soft call.

He rode with grace and hearing high,

Like Cossack in command:

And his good steed would gently feed,

Like Arab's, from his hand;

And when he called his dog or steed;
His tones were ever bland.

The brave are ever gentle,

The good should be the gay,—

And Arthur was as bold of heart
As knight in tourney fray,—

His mind was always firm for truth
As rock ’mid ocean’s spray;

And though a restless daring will
At times he might display,

His wildest moods were calmed at once,

But mention Alice Ray.

And she—though when you talked of him
She blushed and turned away—

Was still his partner in the dance
And in the dashing sleigh—

— They always searched together
For flowers the first of May;

And duly to the Sabbath School
On every holy day

She went—they both were Teachers there—

She went with Arthur dray.

However dear new friends may be,

However far she stray,

8he yet will see her Mother weep,

And hear her Father pray,—

Praying for her happiness,

Weeping in dismay,

That she, their dear and only child
Must go so far away I—

—She bade farewell to them and all—

Farewell to Arthur Gray.

It will be seen that the two passages last quoted hare
the peculiarity of a constantly recurring rhyme in ay.—

The four cantos of the poem are terminated with some
twenty or thirty lines in this manner—with the identical
rhyme in ay—and the idea is not only original, but the
effect (and not merely the musical effect) is one of the
very happiest we have known in poetical art. Through-
out is manifested an exquisite sense of the forcible and
of the delicate, in rhythm. Upon the whole, this poem
cannot fail to elevate its author very highly in the opin-
ion of all those whose opinion she would be likely to
value.

Wiley & Putnam's Foreign Library, No. 1. Memoirs
of Benevenuto Cellini, a Florentine Artist; written by
Himself. Containing a Variety of Information res-
pecting the Arts and the History of the Sixteenth Cen-
tury. With the Notes and Observations of G. P. Car-
pani. Translated by Thomas Roscoe, Esq. Vol. 1.

All men of letters agree that the Autobiography of
Cellini is one of the most interesting books ever written.
It could not fail to be so—Cellini having been what he
was, and having seen what he saw. He was intimate
with all the noted men of his very remarkable age,
and was perpetually occupied either in great or in petty
intrigue, lie felt keenly—in fact his excessive sensibility
amounted to madness—and he has depicted his feelings,
not less than his thoughts and deeds, with the hand of a
profound moral painter. Horace Walpole has done, in-
deed, but feeble justice to these Memoirs, in calling them
“more amusing than any novel” he knew. They are,
perhaps, more instructive than any single history, of the
same volume, in existence.

For the design of Wiley & Putnam’s Foreign Library
(of which this work is No. 1) see advertisement on an-
other page of this journal.

Appleton’s Literary Miscellany, a Series of Books for
Popular Reading. Nos. 2 and 3. I Promessi Sposi—
The Betrothed, by Alessandro Manzoni. A New
Translation, re-printed entire from the last English
edition. In two vols. New York: D. Appleton Ac Co..
200 Broadway.

Last week we announced the issue of these volumes.
They are of very unusual Interest—presenting the first

English translation of the complete work of Manzoni––

one of the most noted and best Italian fictions. It is not
a novel, in the common acceptation of the term, but a
moral and religious essay, enlivened into a rich interest
by picturesque description and exciting incident.

The amount of matter afforded, for half a dollar, in
each number of this series, is almost marvellous, in view
of the excellent paper and printing. These two Volumes
of I Promessi Sposi contains no less than 676 pages.

We are pleased to see the word “Melange," as a gen-
eral title, supplanted by the more sober “Miscellany.”
We should speak English in all cases where there is no
sufficient reason for speaking anything else.

Appleton’s Miscellany. No. 4. Memoirs of an American.
Lady, with Sketches of Manners and Scenery in Amer-
ica, as they existed previous to the Revolution. By
Mrs. Grant, Author of "Letters from the Mountains,"
etc. etc.

This work is not unknown in America, of course; but
we are especially glad to see it re-published. It is a
faithful record of most interesting realities—of manners,
persons, and events as they existed and occurred, lang syne,
in the “Province of New-York.” Mrs. Grant—who is
perhaps better known as the author of “The Cottagers
of Glenburnie" than of “Letters from the Mountains”—

242

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

speaks of the Work as an account of “the rapid pace
with which an infant society has urged on its progress
from virtuous simplicity to the dangerous knowledge of
good and evil—from tremulous imbecility to self-sufficient
independence.”

An admirable letter from Grant Thorburn, giving some
reminiscences of this amiable lady, is quite judiciously
published by way of Preface.

The Medici Series of Italian Prose. The Autobiography
of Alfieri. Translated and edited by C. Edwards Les-
ter. New-York: Paine if Burgess.

The character of Alfieri, with more of passion and more
of fierté, resembled very remarkably that of Benevenuto
Cellini. His impulsiveness not less than his genius
made him what he was—a great man. His “mission”
(to use a cant term) seemed to be reform—and few more
comprehensive or effective reformers ever lived. We
look on his Autobiography as one of the most vivid books
in existence—intensely interesting. In the volume now
before us, we find it prefaced by a fine Essay on his Genius
and Times, by Mr. Lester. The translation is from the
Lucca edition of 1814, and seems to uS particularly well
done.

Saxton if Kelt's Library of Select Literature, No. 3.—
Lights and Shadows of Scottish Life. By Professor
Wilson, Author of the “Trials of Margaret Lindsay,"
etc. Boston: Saxton if Kelt.

This is the best work of its author—and, in its peculiar
way, unsurpassed. Until the receipt of this number, we
were not aware of the existence of the Series. Nos. I.
and II. have not been received. The volume before us
embraces more than 300 well printed pages, and is sold
for 37 1/2 cents.

The Mysteries of Tobacco, By the Rev. Benjamin J.
Lane, with an Introductory Letter to the Hon. John
Quincy Adams, LL. D., by the Rev. Samuel Hanson
Cox, D. D., Pastor of the First Presbyterian Church,
Brooklyn, N. Y. New York: Wiley if Putnam.

An unanswerable exposition of the evils of Tobacco—
but do these manifest evils really need an exposition?
185 pages beautifully printed on very fine paper.

Love and Matrimony: A Letter to a Betrothed Sister, by
a Lady of Baltimore. Baltimore: J. Murphy. For
sale in New York by Win. Taylor, Astor House.

A well-written little ttreatise, published in beautiful
form. Tasteful at all points.

Harper's Illuminated and New Pictorial Bible. No. 41.

This number concludes the Apocrypha and commences
the New Testament, with a really magnificent title page.

The Wandering Jew. Superbly Illustrated by the Most
Eminent Artists of Paris. New York: Harper if Bro-
thers.

Every body should get this edition. To artists and
lovers of art, the designs are a treasure. It is difficult to
conceive anything more bold—striking—original. No 2
is issued.

History of the United States, for the Use of Schools. By
Marcius Wilson. New-York: Caleb Bartlett, 225 Pearl
street.

A well-arranged text book, of which we may speak
more fully hereafter.

The Swedenborg Library. Edited by Professor George

Bush. New-York : John Allen.

We have received Nos. 1 and 2, Part I. of a serial
work so entitled, and containing the “Memorabilia, or
Heaven and Hell” of Swedenborg.

Harper's Illuminated and Illustrated Shakspeare.

Of this elegant serial, Nos. 69 and 70 are published—
embracing “Timon of Athens.”

Simms' Magazine, for October, is perhaps not quite so
good as usual—the editor’s absence will account for it.
Nevertheless there are some papers of sterling value.
“Counsel against Cannon” is one of them. “The Ma-
rion Family” is another.

T. H. Chivers contributes a noble “Elegy on the Death
of a Poet.”

Graham's Magazine, for November, has three good steel
engravings (two of them admirable) with contributions
from Mrs. Sigourney, Fanny Forrester, Mrs. Osgood, Ho-
race Greeley, Longfellow, Street, Whipple, Grund, Gra-
ham, Peterson, Chivers and Poe. Mr. Longfellow’s poem,
“Walter Von Der Vogelweide” is an artistic composition
of high merit, rhetorically considered. The editorial
criticisms are excellent.

Godey's Lady's Book, for November, has also three
plates (including a colored one of “The Polka Fashions.”)
The leading engraving—The Indian Captive, from a de-
sign by Darlcy—is meritorious. The contributions are by
Mrs. Hale, Miss Leslie, Fanny Forrester, Mrs. Hentz,
Mrs. Annan,—Frost, Otis, Carpenter, Poe, and others.

Arthur's Magazine, for November, opens with a modi-
fication of Chapman’s fine design illustrating “The Paint
King —there is also another plate. The contributions,
although by writers comparatively little known, are res-
pectable. The publishers propose making many improve-
ments next year.

The Columbian Magazine, for November, commences
with a wretched mezzotint by Doney—who has done some
very fine things in his day. The second plate is better.
The third (a fashion design) is the extreme of the absurd.
The contributions are, in general, from good names—Mrs.
Ellet, Mrs. Child, Mrs. Osgood, Mrs. Sigourney, Mrs.
Kirkland, Mrs. Butler, Mrs. Browne, F. E. F., Morris, In-
man, and others—a particularly strong list. “The Maid-
en’s Leap” by Mrs. Ellet, is in her best manner. Her style
is noted for accuracy, purity, and freedom from superflui-
ty. She is one of the most accomplished of our country-
women.

Blackwood, for October, (the American edition) has been
issued by Leonard Scott & Co. Its papers are even un-
usually pungent.



To helen.

How purely the Pleiades sparkle in heaven,

And shed their sweet influence over the earth!

And one seems the fairest to me of the seven,

Under which, Helen, yon and I had our birth.

Oh, ours was a beautiful, blossoming time,

'Mid the blush of young roses, the earliest here;

On us fell the purple of Spring in its prime,

And to Maia, our mother, our childhood was dear.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

259

The roses which crimsoned our cradles still charm me;

And night now ha3 nothing I love like that star—

But has Fate never once tried in boyhood to harm me?
Are the roses of feeling unruffled 1 Thine are—

For care could not come, dear, thy heart’s bloom to blight,
So young and so lovely, so tender and true;

Still, still is thy summer-sky laughing with light—

Ah me! were my own as immaculate too I

Why choose you yon large planet, rounded and bright,
And call it your own, your particular star!

Though scarcely as large as its least satellite,

Should the twinkle of Maia be welcomer far.

Like a cloudlet of light shines that sweet little cluster,
Wherein is our natal sphere radiantly shrined:

We will dream, as together we gaze on its lustre,

Of a spring-time perennial our spirits shall find!

William Gibson, U. S. N.

The Drama.

The subjoined comments on Mr. Murdoch were furnish-
ed us by a friend whose judgment we respect. The first
three paragraphs were intended for last week’s Journal,
but accidentally omitted—the dates, of course, refer to
last week. With the opinions expressed we nearly, but
not altogether, agree. What we ourselves think of Mr.
Murdoch, we shall take occasion to say, somewhat in de-
tail, hereafter.—Ed. B. J.

Mr. Murdoch’s Reception.—Mr. Murdoch made good
our augury by presenting to the most watchful audience
of the season, at the Park Theatre, on Tuesday evening,
the best Hamlet on the continent. No actor, on his first
appearance, was ever so closely followed; and it was
only great skill wisely employed that gained for him a
triumph at the end. It was clearly his determination
from the first, by no act nor look, to overstep the modesty
of nature. The same discretion and power, employed on
a more telling part, would have secured to him a house
stormy with applause. But it was his cue to enter on
his great career as an actor modestly, to begin at the fine
end of the wedge, and to drive it home firmly thereafter,
in parts of force, and passion, and louder emphasis. It
was a critical undertaking, and to have brought himself
off with credit, would have been much; to have made
an “impression,” and to have gained for himself by this
single performance a right to engage in personations of
the highest range, was a triumph indeed. Our good hope
of Mr. Murdoch is sustained, and more than sustained.—
With this verdict of approval, the well-earned favor of
an audience vigilant and hard to please, and lately over
tasked with Hamlet, (for it was up twice in the just pre-
vious engagement of Mr. Charles Kean,) he will go
abroad, sure of a triumphant reception in all quarters of
the country. We are proud that another of our young
countrymen has planted his foot on the stage, there to
stand in honor and increasing power, for a long day, we
hope, of active skill and popular favor.

If we can but persuade our countrymen to look at it
aright, this is a memorable event. Every native man
put upon the stage, with character and judgment, and
true power to bear him up, is a ground and pillar on
which to build a drama of our own. It was to this we
referred in introducing Mr. Murdoch to our readers at
first; and it is to this, we believe, he will be true to the
last. We do not enter upon a critical examination of his
Hamlet, further than to say, that it was the most perfect
commentary on the written play we have ever had presen-

ted to us. It was plain and easy reading throughout.
The embodiment was perfect.

It is not to be said of Mr. Murdoch that he has a fine
conception of his author, but that his voice failed him ;
or that his voice was musically true to the sentiment,
but that his person lacked something of the scholar and
the man of graceful mien. He had them all together:
voice, person, mien, and insight. And this, we will un-
dertake to say, can be asserted of no Hamlet with which
American audiences have been recently familiar. Mr.
Murdoch’s Hamletis but the first round on the ladder. We
are safe in asserting, that each new personation will
carry him higher in his art, and lift him to a point where
he will fix upon himself more and more of the popular
regard.

Mr. Murdoch followed up his success in Hamlet with
an Othello on Thursday evening still more decisive. Our
contemporaries have all acknowledged the great excel-
lence of this personation, and we are not disposed to dis-
pute it. The fifth act, particularly, impressed us as it
has everybody else, as a masterpiece. It was one of the
complete, finished and satisfactory achievements which
hang in the mind like a choice painting, apart by them-
selves, never to be outdone or superseded. Throughout
the whole play there were constant indications of the
fine spirit which possesses Mr. Murdoch, and at times
flashes of fire and passion which carried the audience as
by storm.

To these admirable performances Mr. Murdoch added
his Benedick on Monday, which is acknowledged on all
hands to be the best, taken all in all, which the New-
York stage has known for many and many a year. Per-
fect grace and beauty and spirit marked it ail through.
The challenge and the parting with the prince; the woo-
ing of Beatrice, and the closing scenes, were the perfec-
tion of gentlemanly bearing—the chivalry of a true souled
lover, and the best.

Wearing these laurels as his vouchers of merit, this
young American actor must be received in all parts of
the country with acclamation. He has acquired sudden-
ly (but as the fruit of long previous and assiduous train-
ing) a great renown; and he will add to it, we are safe
in declaring, every day of his life. The early day at
which we go to press will not allow us to speak of his
Claude Melnotte (Wednesday evening) nor his Macbeth
(of Friday); but of these and of his parting reception at
the houses of New-York,we shall have something to say
in our next paper.

We have before us a letter from Miss Eliza Cook, in
which she says “I need not tell you how much I ad-
mire and estimate your bright countrywoman, Miss Cush-
man. We are friends, and, I trust, will long be such.—
She is gathering golden opinions from the English, and
will take a high standing in her profession.”

The well-known company of rats at the Park Thea-
tre, understand, it is said, their cue perfectly. It is worth
the price of admission to see their performance. By long
training they know precisely the time when the curtain
rises, and the exact degree in which the audience is spell-
bound by what is going on. At the sound of the bell
they sally out; scouring the pit for chance peanuts and
orange-peel. When, by the rhyming couplets, they are
made aware that the curtain is about to fall, they disap-
pear—through respect for the moving heels of the audi-
ence. Their temerity is regulated by the intensity of

260

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

the performers. A profitable engagement might be made,
we think, with “the celebrated Dog Billy.”

“Cruikshank’s Table-Book” has a pleasant paper, set-
ting forth some of the secrets of ‘ advertising patronage’
and the use that may be made of orders to the theatre,
(a privilege of the London press not adopted here,) in
fomenting the same. Hanker Grabb calls himself Editor,
and admits a limited circulation and that “ to the offices
of such newspapers trades-people do not come rushing,
frantically tendering their five and sixpences for the in-
sertion of their announcements.” And he feelingly re-
marks, “In these days a fresco painting is the only thing
that can stand without a canvass.”

His advice is this: “On Wednesday morning—it is
useless to begin earlier—pocket as many tickets as the
managers will let you write—and go round your adver-
tising connection. Some editors are silly enough to
think that this is not a gentleman’s vocation—who says
it is? The question is not about gentlemanliness, but
about advertisements. If you want these, go for them—
if not, send your clerks. Go into the shops and see the
principals. Say something of this kind, “Ah! Chopp-
ings, how are you?” (Your friend is e. g. a sausage-
maker.) “Coining money, as usual? Oh! don’t tell
me—I’m coming to borrow a few thousands of you one
of these days. I say, old fellow, you have n’t given us a
turn lately. Oh, nonsense! can’t afford it. You can af-
ford anything. What! advertising don’t bring returns?
Stuff! I pledge you my sacred honor, that one of the
Queen’s tradesmen came to me yesterday, swearing he
had made ninety-four pounds by one advertisement only.
Come, give us a ‘repeat’ of that about the Royal Al-
bert Brawn and Pettitoes. No? Yes, you will. “Oh!
by the way, would n’t you like to go to the theatre?—
Any you like. Here’s the  'Garden,’ and the ‘Wells’—
have ’em both—take Mrs. Choppings—how is she? Here
—I’m always happy to oblige you; and now, good-bye—
I shall insert the Royal Albert’s. Good-bye.”

Dirge

FOR A MAIDEN BURIED IN A FOREST.

“Call it not vain—they do not err
Who say that when the Poet dies
Mute Nature mounts her worshipper,

And celebrates his obsequies.”

Lay of the Last Minstrel.

Drearily, drearily falls the rain
On the grave where the loved doth rest,

And the cold, damp earth lies heavily
Upon her snowy breast;

Before the breeze,

The swaying trees
Nod like a funeral plume,

And seem to moan,

With a dismal groan,

Though our gentle maiden to Heaven hath flown
From this earth of sorrow and gloom.

In her life she loved those grand old trees,

That are now bewailing her death,

And would list as the wildly-wandering breeze
Swept by with musical breath,

To the manifold tones of joy and fear,

That those wind-harps gave to her charmed ear.

With sparkling eyes and flushing cheek
Her heart would then its fulness speak;

And seizing her lyre, high strains would ring

With harmonious chime from each quivering string—
Such strains as, in Heaven, bright seraphs sing.

By the side of this woodland brook, which now
Is filled by the dead, brown leaves,

She hath rambled often, what time the moon
Her orient chamber leaves;

And the silvery light, as it shimmered down
Through the trees, seemed to rest like a radiant crown
Upon her forehead, so white and fair,

And the waving curls of her dark brown hair;

But the brook, nor the trees,

Nor the whispering breeze,

Could her feverish, tameless soul appease!

Now the wearying strife of her earthly life
Hath come to a final close;

She is gone where sorrow will never more
Disturb her soul’s repose;

Her heart was crushed,

And her lyre is hushed,

No more will its sad, low strain
Re-echo music from out a soul
Filled up with bitter pain—

But its joyful tones we shall hear once more,

If Heaven’s high court we attain!	S. D.

Utica, October, 1845.

The Fine Arts. 

La Sortie du Bain.—In New York there has been
some variety of opinion in respect to this work of De
Kuyper—and, we think, some very unjustifiable abuse ol
it. Neither its merits nor its defects have been fairly
treated. 'I he former are great—the latter few and com-
paratively trivial. The figure—of white marble, slightly
impaired by blue veins—is the size of life, and represents
a young and exquisitely beautiful woman, reclining on the
sea-shore, somewhat in the attitude of the Dying Gladia-
tor—although, of course, with more of repose. The name
given the sculpture—La Sortie du Bain—and the shell-
strown shore on which we see the girl—denotes that she
has lately emerged from the sea, in which she has been
bathing. She has thrown herself listlessly on the sand,
and is engaged in attempting to feed a tortoise with a
snail.(?)

The face is of surpassing loveliness—its expression that
of girlish innocence, and the languor consequent from
bathing. The attitude is easy, and full of truth. The
toes, in especial, convey the idea of one luxuriating in
the sense of comfort—of refreshment—of animal life and
health. As a mere composition, the limes of the whole
figure are well arranged. Its anatomy is by no meant
faultless. The head, neck, and bust are perfect; the
arms, hands, and feet could not be improved. The lower
limbs are, also, admirably carved—but the breadth of the
hips is insufficient; they are not broader than the shoul-
ders—and these latter have an unpleasant roundness
which is not justified even by the stooping position. The
shoulder-blades, too, have no variation, and yet the figure
leans much of its weight upon its left arm, which reposes
upon some accessory sculpture of no very definite mean-
ing, and certainly quite out of keeping with the general
design. The neat and ornate braiding of the hair, too, is
not only out of keeping, but stiff.

In spite of these defects, however, La Sortie du Bain
is undoubtedly the work of genius; and should be visited
by all who have a regard for the pure and truthful in Art.
It is to be seen at the Academy of Design—Society Li-
brary. The charge is only 25 cents.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

261

Epigrams.

From the Portuguese.

Within her breast, more white than snows
Pair Amaryllis plants the rose,

Not that the flower should fix your eyes,

But the sweet garden where it lies.

From the Spanish.

Once when Olivia, in her mouth
A lovely flower had placed, there came—

Seeking his beauties of the South—

A bee that stung the lips to flame,

Confounding, as he well might do,

Their roses with the flowrets’ hue.

—Ah! had my lips instead of his,

Been suffered there awhile to hang,

Mine not alone had felt the bliss,

Nor thine, alone, the parting pang.

From the same.

Teresa’s eyes so brilliant are and black,

That your own fail you at the first attack.

“Black should they be,” the suffering victim spoke,

"If but in mourning for the hearts they broke.”

W. GILMORE SIMMS.

Musical Department.

Leopold de Meyer made his fourth appearance on
Tuesday last, before a highly delighted audience. So
much has already been said about this tyrant of the
Pianoforte, that little is left to us. We call him tyrant;
are we right or wrong?, We really pity the poor Piano
when, trembling beneath the load of heavy harmony, it
sends its plaintive melodies to the audience, but then
again, when released from the grasp of the demon, it
sends forth its warblings and shakes, it makes our heart
dance with delight, and quite an effort is necessary to
prevent our running on the stage and embracing the art-
ist. De Meyer has been compared to Thalberg, Listz
and others, but his style bears not the slightest re-
semblance to that of either. He certainly has the deli-
cacy of Thalberg in his brilliant passages, and the power
and energy of Liszt in his chords and arpeggios, but then
his genius combines them so successfully, that efforts of
the most novel and striking character are produced. As
a composer, Mr. De Meyer enjoys quite a high reputa-
tion; we really do not know which to admire most; the
style of his playing, or the beauty of his compositions.
We understand that Scharfenberg and Louis have pub-
lished the Marche Marocaine, as played by him in his
concerts.

We copy from “The Brooklyn Star," the following
very just parallel between the manner of Thalberg and
that of De Meyer.

While the musical world Is in raptures with Leopold de Meyer,
it will not be deemed out of place to make a few suggestions of
comparison between him and Thalberg.

Thalberg has been the favorite of the continent, and long since
made his fortune. He makes of the piano forte the sweet and deli-
cate instrument it was designed to be. He enters the soul by gen-
tle whispers of melody, and then subdues and dissolves it by the
most entrancing and captivating harmony. His style is the anti-
podes of De Meyers. He seats himself at the instrument—he looks
contemplatively round at his audience—he then throws his fingers
over the keys, and the gentlest warbling of the Æolian harp are
heard; the tones gradually increase till the soul is exalted by the
moat exquisite combinations, and the utmost sublimity and delicacy
of expression.

De Meyer on the contrary, pounces upon the piano like an en-
raged tiger. He brings a physical force to bear upon it which
would kill Thalberg in a night. No ordinary instrument could
withstand his usage, and pianos of uncommon strength are con-
structed for bis use. His object seems to be, to produce a hurricane
of melody; and, as the spirit of the storm, he dashes onward, his
frame doubled and his fingers plying till the perspiration streams
from his face, and he seems to end his musical agony like a tragic
actor in a death scene. As be whirls along he occasionally glares
upon his auditors with a kind of insane stare, which shows the in-
tensity of his concentration upon the wild music with which he
weaves his spells.

De Meyer may produce more extraordinary effect, but Thalberg
renders the instrument more productive of those delicate charms
which the natural sense of music can feel and appreciate.

Templeton.—We have not heard this gentleman yet,
but to judge from the crowds that nightly flock to his
entertainments, he must certainly be worth hearing.

Madame Lazare, the celebrated Harpist, has lately
arrived from Havana. She intends to give some concerts,
and to settle here permanently, as a teacher of the Harp
and of vocal music. Her talents are of the highest or-
der.

U. C. Hill is preparing a Musical Festival. He will
be assisted by all the professional talent of the city.
Mr. Hill has always been foremost when anything was
to be done for the cause of music, and if on the night
of his concert the house is crowded to the ceiling, it
will be no more than he truly deserves.

Ole Bull is probably by this time delighting the in-
mates of the deep blue sea. A notice of his last con-
cert in our next number.

Signora Pico is going to the West Indies. Antog-
nini and Valtellina will accompany her.

A Private Opera will be got up during the ensuing
winter at Palmo’s; Donizetti’s Gemma di Vergy, if we
are not mistaken. Mrs. D. L. F. will take the Soprano,
Mr. C., a distinguished amateur, the Tenor, and Mr. V.
Z., another amateur, the Baritone part. The Choruses
will be the same as employed by the Italian Opera Com-
pany, and the whole will be under the direction of Mr.
Beames.

Our Readers should bear in mind that the Cheney
Family, from Vermont, give their second Concert on
Monday Evening, at Niblo’s. See advertisement.

Editorial Miscellany.

We take the following paragraph from "The Sunday
Times and Messenger” of October 26:

Ma. Poe’s Poem.—Mr. Poe was invited to deliver a poem be-
fore the Boston Lyceum, which he did to a large and distinguished
audience. It was, to use the language of an intelligent hearer,
 "an elegant and classic production, based on the right principle;
containing the essence of true poetry, mingled with a gorgeous im-
agination, exquisite painting, every charm of metre, and graceful
delivery.” And yet the papers abused him, and the audience were
fidgetty—made their exit one by one, and did not at all appreciate
the efforts of a man of admitted ability, whom they had invited to
deliver a poem before them. The poem was called the “Mes-
senger Star.” We presume Mr. Poe will not accept another invi-
tation to recite poetry, original or selected, in that section of the
Union.

Our excellent friend Major Noah has suffered himself
to be cajoled by that most beguiling of all beguiling lit-
tle divinities. Miss Walters, of “The Transcript.” We
have been looking all over her article, with the aid of a

262

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

taper, to see if we could discover a single syllable of
truth in it—and really blush to acknowledge that we can-
not. The adorable creature has been telling a parcel of
fibs about us, by way of revenge for something that we
did to Mr. Longfellow (who admires her very much) and
for calling her “a pretty little witch” into the bargain.

The facts of the case seem to be these:—We were in-
vited to “deliver” (stand and deliver) a poem before the
Boston Lyceum. As a matter of course, we accepted the
invitation. The audience was “large and distinguished.”
Mr. Cushing preceded us with a very capital discourse:
he was much applauded. On arising, we were most cor-
dially received. We occupied some fifteen minutes with
an apology for not “delivering,” as is usual in such ca-
ses, a didactic poem: a didactic poem, in our opinion,
being precisely no poem at all. After some farther words
—still of apology—for the “indefinitiveness” and “gene-
ral imbecility” of what we had to offer—all so unworthy
a Bostonian audience—we commenced, and, with ma-
ny interruptions of applause, concluded. Upon the whole
the approbation was considerably more (the more the pity
too) than that bestowed upon Mr. Cushing.

When we had made an end, the audience, of course,
arose to depart—and about one-tenth of them, probably,
had really departed, when Mr. Coffin, one of the mana-
ging committee, arrested those who remained, by the an-
nouncement that we had been requested to deliver “The
Raven.” We delivered “The Raven” forthwith—(without
taking a receipt)—were very cordially applauded again—
and this was the end of it—with the exception of the sad
tale invented to suit her own purposes, by that amiable
little enemy of ours, Miss Walters. We shall never call
a woman “a pretty little witch” again, as long as we
live.

We like Boston. We were bom there—and perhaps it
is just as well not to mention that we are heartily asha-
med of the fact. The Bostonians are very well in their
way. Their hotels are bad. Their pumpkin pies are de-
licious. Their poetry is not so good. Their common is
no common thing—and the duck-pond might answer—
if its answer could be heard for the frogs.

But with all these good qualities the Bostonians have
no soul. They have always evinced towards us individu-
ally, the basest ingratitude for the services we rendered
them in enlightening them about the originality of Mr.
Longfellow. When we accepted, therefore, an invitation
to “deliver” a poem in Boston—we accepted it simply
and solely, because we had a curiosity to know how it
felt to be publicly hissed—and because we wished to see
what effect we could produce by a neat little impromptu
speech in reply. Perhaps, however, we overrated our
own importance, or the Bostonian want of common civi-
lity—which is not quite so manifest as one or two of their
editors would wish the public to believe. We assure
Major Noah that he is wrong. The Bostonians are well-
bred—as very dull persons very generally are.

Still, with their vile ingratitude staring us in the eyes,
it could scarcely be supposed that we would put ourselves
to the trouble of composing for the Bostonians anything
in the shape of an original poem. We did not. We had
a poem (of about 500 lines) lying by us—one quite as
good as new—one, at all events, that we considered would
answer sufficiently well for an audience of Transcenden-
talists. That we gave them—it was the best that we
had—for the price—and it did answer remarkably well.
Its name was not “The Messenger-Star”—who but Miss
Walters would ever think of so delicious a little bit of

 invention as that? We had no name for it at all. The
 poem is what is occasionally called a “juvenile poem”—
but the fact is, it is anything but juvenile now, for we
wrote it, printed it, and published it, in book form, before
we had fairly completed our tenth year. We read it ver-
batim, from a copy now in our possession, and which we
shall he happy to show at any moment to any of our in-
quisitive friends.

We do not, ourselves, think the poem a remarkably
 good one —it is not sufficiently transcendental. Still it
did well enough for the Boston audience—who evinced
characteristic discrimination in understanding, and espe-
cially applauding, all those knotty passages which we
ourselves have not yet been able to understand.

As regards the anger of the “Boston Times” and one
or two other absurdities—as regards, we say, the wrath of
Achilles—we incurred it—or rather its manifestation—
by letting some of our cat out of the bag a few hours
sooner than we had intended. Over a bottle of cham-
pagne, that night, we confessed to Mess. Cushing, Whip-
ple, Hudson, Field, and a few other natives who swear
not altogether by the frog-pond—we confessed, we say,
the soft impeachment of the hoax. Et hinc iliae irae.
We should have waited a couple of days.

The Concordia (La.) Intelligencer” says:

By the bye, here is a touch from the pen of Poe the poet—edi-
tor of the Broadway Journal. A Niagara lick like this beats Mis-
sissippi all to Jits.

Resolved, That the steamer Niagara will be as distinguished in
the waters of the East, as the great cataract whose name she bears
is among the wafers of the West.

We are sadly puzzled to understand what all this is
about. One thing is certain:—we never made a “reso-
lution” in our lives. Should we ever make one, we hope
it will be in better taste than the one above.

It has been roundly asserted, of late, that “the slash-
ing article in the Foreign Quarterly upon American poets
which so much excited the ire of the newspapers,” is as-
certained, at last, to be the work of Sir John Bell.

We happen to know better. It was written by nobody
in the world but Charles Dickens—and a very discrimi-
nating article it was;—that is to say, discriminating so
far as the actual information of its author extended in re-
gard to our poetical affairs.

We are in a fair way, at last, to obtain some accurate
knowledge of Chinese history and geography. Among
other works lately published we notice, besides Marco
Polos’s Travels, a “Scientific Voyage into Altay and Ad-
jacent Countries on the Chinese Frontier”—also “Me-
moirs of Father Ripa, during Thirteen Years’ Residence
at the Court of Pekin, &c. Selected and Translated from
the Italian, by Fortunato Prandi." Some Essays by Pro-
fessor Neumann who has just returned from Persia, de-
monstrate that the Chinese, from time immemorial, have
traded to Oregon and California.

The British Critic in a rather weak, although suffi-
ciently complimentary review of “Tales by Edgar A.
Poe,” says, among other things—“The author seems to
have amused himself by tracing a series of references be-
tween every minute act, and so upward to the making
and dethroning of kings [downward would have done bet-
ter]. He has been as assiduous in this scheme as an In-
dian who follows the trail of a foe. He has learned from
the dwellers in the American woods a marked acuteness

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

263

which he has dealed out again to us, in the Tales before
us.”

The only objection to this theory is that we never go
into the woods (for fear of the owls) and are quite sure
that we never saw a live Indian in our lives.

In the hurry of getting to press last week, there oc-
curred one or two vexatious errata—the worst of which,
perhaps, was the omission of a notice (prepared us by a
friend) of Mr. Murdoch’s Hamlet. The Greek verb which
formed the motto of “The Thread-Bare,” was lamenta-
bly jumbled up. In the exquisite poem entitled “Sybil”
(from the pen of William Gibson, U. S. N.) the word
“raised” at the cíose of the third line, being printed
“raises”, made nonsense of the whole sentence. From
the fine ballad headed “Isadore”, the signature of A. M.
Ide, Jr. was, also, accidentally omitted; and that of W.
G. Simms should have been appended to the “Sonnet by
the Poor Debtor.” These errors, however, are attributa-
ble to ourselves alone.

Mrs. Sarah Josepha Hale is preparing for press a col-
lection of her poems. Messrs. Clark & Austin will, most
probably, be the publishers.

Messrs. Wiley & Putnam will publish, in season for
the holidays, “The Book of Christmas,” by T. K. Her-
vey, the poet; La Motte Fouque’s fine romance (contrast-
ing the Northern and Southern Chivalry) “Thiodolf the
Icelander;" Mrs. Southey’s (Caroline Bowles’) Poettical
Works, &c. 4tc.



We have been glancing at an article on the Reading
Room of the British Museum. The deductions are, of
course, the munificence and courtesy of the English
government to strangers. There is one place at least 
where the scholar visiting London from a foreign country
is at home—the British Museum. He sits at the table 
and may command the books—the Royal collections and 
all, familiarly as he would bid his own child take down
for him the esteemed volume from the single shelf at
home. Here he has his privileges and dignities, a place
of labor where he may “break the neck of the day” as
Sir Walter used to say, over a favorite folio, and sally out
among the multitudes of London with the pleasing con-
sciousness of at least some work respectably done. Let
no man undervalue this who has not felt the solitude of
London, the monotony of the streets and the want of
those out-of-door sympathies so freely shared in Paris.

Some of the annoyances of the Reading Room are odd—
the incursions for instance of the students of the Universi-
ty College. “Perhaps,” says the writer “it were too
much to expect that each young Collegian should be at
the expense of purchasing a Schrevelius’ Lexicon and us-
ing it at home.” Assuredly;—there were flies, it is to be
presumed, in Paradise.

Another grievance is to be “fogged out” by a moist
November day—the provisions of the Institution allowing
no lights.

When shall we have a permanent Library in New
York?—not a Circulating Library, with the volume which
you want somewhere, probably, between finger and
thumb in Westchester county, but a library confined to the
premises, with a perpetual writ of ne exeat, included in
the charter, against all volumes leaving the front door,
It is not necessary that the library should be so large as
many of the century accumulations of Europe. Fifty

thousand volumes on the spot would be sufficient—gath-
ered together scientifically, in the first instance, with
proportion and completeness for the departments. Pens,
ink and paper, wide chairs and wide tables, should be ad-
ded; attendants for convenience and care of the books; and
some formality to check mere literary loafers and all Col-
legians in round-a-bout jackets.

If we were autocrat for a week we should convert the
Society Library buildings (after exorcising the tailors,)
into just such an establishment; and we believe the Li-
brarian and a majority of the members would be in favor
of the change.

A complete establishment of book pirnting has been re-
cently discovered and broken up in the French provinces.
Upwards of 18,000 volumes were found hidden away be-
tween the inner and outer walls—the works of La Mar-
tine and Thiers’ “Consulate and Empire,” among the
number.

Mr. Hudson, in his Shakspeare Lectures here, last
winter, had the misfortune to put people unaccustomed
to the operation, to the trouble of thinking—an annoy-
ance which a certain class never forgets. There were,
in his style, terseness and strength—a rude vigor. All
conventionalism, pretence and affectation shrivelled in
his grasp—witness his character of Jacques, in As You
Like It, whom he made the type of the selfish, vain
spectators in the world, men of large head and little
heart who are superior in virtue to the men of action and
purpose—only because they do nothing. The rigid,
resolute manner of the lecturer was the index of the
strength of his convictions. Perhaps his audiences were
too limited to the cultivated class of readers and think-
ers, for him to enjoy the highest triumphs. An assembly
of all who attend the representation of Shakspeare at the
Bowery, the Chatham and the Park, would have been
impressed by his keen sarcasm upon successful evil and
eloquent defence of persecuted virtue. He had that re-
spect for the people that he would not shrink from tell-
ing them what their faint-hearted, hypocritical admirers
call an unpopular truth. Mr. Hudson at the close of his
lectures last winter, looked round upon his faithful audi-
ence who had kept him company through his whole
course, thanked them for their kindness and attention,
public and private, and remarked that he had not yet suc-
ceeded in New-York, but that he would return and
succeed yet. There was a true democracy in this—a
frank honesty which set aside mere cultivation and scho-
larship and social privileges, for an appeal to the heart
of the public—that public to which he brought no letters,
who would come to hear him for the sake of his sub-
ject, and not merely to keep up the appearance of a lite-
rary coterie. Mr. Hudson felt this, and had magnanimi-
ty enough to acknowledge it—and an appeal to this pub-
lic was, we presume, what he meant when he said he
would yet succeed in New-York.

We have not heard whether Mr. Hudson has made any
arrangements to lecture in this city. Why should he not
take Palmo’s for a few nights and fill it as profitably as
Mr. Templeton, or an interlude on the boards of the
theatre itself, as well as De Meyer’s piano? At any
rate, he must come and give a New-York audience an
opportunity of hearing his two new lectures on Lear
and Othello, the composition of which, it is understood,

 employed him this last summer, and the first of which he
has just delivered at Boston before the Lyceum. An ac-
complished and able critic speaks of it in "The Bos-

264

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ton Times” of Saturday in the highest termsof commend-
ation.

“The Zoology of the English Poets, corrected by the
writings of Modem Naturalists, by the Rev. R. H. New-
ell, pp. 8vo., with engravings on wood’’—is the title of a
new work about to appear in London.

Mr. Simms’ new collection of Miscellanies will include
a miniature biography of Cortez; the Literature of the
Indians; a sketch of the life of the pioneer Boone; a pa-
per on the works of J. Fenimore Cooper, &c. It is enti-
tled “Views and Reviews in American History, Litera-
ture and Fiction.” In his capacity of Critic it will pre-
sent him to the public, at the North, in a new and favora-
ble light. His contributions to the Southern Quarterly
Review are among the best papers in that periodical.

Mr. Headley has in preparation “The Alps and the
Rhine,” a sequel to his “Letters from Italy.”

Mr. Edward Maturin, son of the author of “Bertram,”
is getting ready a new work—“Montezuma, the last of
the Aztecs.”

Mrs. Kirkland’s new book, with our own Poems, (in-
cluding “Al Aaraaf,” the one with which we quizzed the
Bostonians) will be issued in about ten days by Messrs.
Wiley & Putnam.

To Correspondents.—We are forced to decline “Tha-
natikos”—the “Lines To My Sister on Her Birth-Day’—
and “Prosings on Man.” “Twilight Memories” is ra-
ther too long.

To M. B. of Olive, we say, what you have done evin-
ces genius, but inexperience. We cannot do you the in-
justice to print the communication—but hereafter shall,
no doubt, be glad to publish anything you write. Perse-
vere.

Alolo will soon appear—also “The Autumn Leaf.”

SPLENDID FESTIVAL CONCERT.

The subscriber has the pleasure of an-

nouncing to the Ladies and Gentlemen of the city of New
York, that he intends to give a splendid Vocal and Instrumental
Concert, on Monday Evening, the 10th of November, at the Broad-
way Tabernacle, on which occasion he will be assisted by all the
most distinguished professional ability in this city, combined with
the members of the Philharmonic and New York Sacred Music
Societies. Further particulars hereafter.	U. C. HILL.

THE CHENEY FAMILY,

FROM VERMONT.

GRATEFUL for the generous reception which greeted them at
their first appearance, and having been joined by their fourth
brother, will give their SECOND CONCERT, on MONDAY
Evening, Nov. 3d, 1845, at NIBLO'S SALOON. When they
will introduce several new pieces of their own composition, with
such selections as they hope will meet with the public approbation.
In the course of the evening they will sing "Our Native Land,”
Quintette,–"Nature’s Nobleman,” Quartette,—"Byron’s Fare-
well to Paxos," Song,—“Fisherman’s Glee," Quartette,—“The
Bun, Moon and Stars, Humorous solo and chorus—

THE SONG OF THE VERMONTERS,

As sung by the “Green Mountain Boys” in the times of the revo-
lution. “The Irish Mother’s Lament,’’ Song,—"There was a
sound of Revelry by night,” Quartette, music by S. P. Cheney,—
“Emigration,” comic song,—"Good Night,”—words and music
by the Cheney Family, Tickets 50 cents each—for sale at
Saxton & Miles’, 205 Broadway; G. F. Nesbitt’s, corner of Wall
and Water streets; at the Music stores and at the door. Doors
open at Seven—Concert to commence at Eight o’clock.

PARLOR ORGAN.

A FINE toned Parlor Organ for sale or in exchange for a Pia-
 no-Forte. Apply to

EZRA COLLIER, 103 Fulton st.

G. H. DERWORT,

pROFESSOR OF SINGING, GUITAR AND PIANO
A Forte, has opened a class lor Young Ladies, from 7 to 10 years
of age, among whom are three of his own daughters, whom he
proposes to instruct thoroughly in the art of Singing.

Mr. Derwort’s system is the result of many years’ observation
and experience, during which he has successfully taught in Ger-
many, London and New-York. His method cannot fail to impart
to his pupil a clear perception and a thorough knowledge of the
gramatical principles of music with the ability to harmonize any
simple given melody.

Parents and guardians are invited to call at his Rooms, 427
Broadway, when every enquiry will be answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in advance. Lessons
three times per week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER, 88, 90, and 92
A Walker street, near Elm. A large stock of the finest instru-
ments always on hand. Terms moderate. For Sale—A splendid
Harp, nearly new—to be sold at a great bargain for cash.

J. ballard,

PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR, SINGING AND FLUTE.

No. 135 Spring-street.

JOHN BUR FORD,

portrait and landscape painter,

27 Dey Street.

JOHN N. GENIN,

FASHIONABLE HAT AND CAP ESTABLISHMENT,

 214 Broadway.

PENMANSHIP.

RE-OPENING OF.GOLDSMITH’S WRITING ACADEMY,
 289 Broadway—La Farge Buildings, corner of Reade street.
Terms reduced to three dollars, and no extra charge.

Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully informs the citizens of New
York and Brooklyn, that his rooms are now open, during the day
and evening, tor Pupils and Visitors. Mr. G’s. specimens of
PENMANSHIP

have received the First Premium Five Years, from he American
institute, and he guarantees to all in TEN EASY AND INTER-
ESTING EXERCISES, a free and elegant style of writing, that
the pupils cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice.

For sale at the Academy GOLDSMITH'S GEMS OF PEN-
MANSHIP.

Ladies’ Class meets daily at 11 o’clock. Gentleman’s day and
evening. See circular.	s18

JUST PUBLISHED,

BY J. H. DAGGERS, 30 ANN ST., NEW YORK.

THE COTTON LORD. By Mrs. Stone. A Romance of

the Rich and Poor, by a lady of brilliant talents.—25 cents.
FRANKENSTEIN, by Mrs. Mary W. Shelley, wife of the il-
lustrious poet. “It is among the most exciting and terrible of
modem romances.” - Tribune. 25 cents.

LAWRIE TODD, by John Galt, with an original preface by
the original Lawrie Todd, viz: Grant Thorburn, Esq. "Mr.
Thorburn's Prelace is worth more than the price asked for the
novel.” 25 cents.

THE NUN; or, Life in a Convent. By one of the Sister-
hood. "A terrible exposition of the secret practices of Roman
Catholics.” 25 cents.

POOR JACK. By Captain Marryatt, au'Sor of Midshipman
Easy, Peter Simple, Ac. 25 cents.

N. B.—All of the above will he sent for One Dollar to any per-
son ordering them through Postmasters, who are by law authorized
to remit money to publishers publishers. Any Postmaster ordering the above
shall be presented with either novel he may select.

GURNEY'S

PREMIUM DAGUERRIAN GALLERY,

189 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.

PITURES taken at this Establishment are not excelled in this
country—so say his numerous patrons. The public are in-
vited to call and judge for themselves.	o2

CARD OF REMOVAL,

MR. W. A. KING PROFESSOR OF MUSIC, AND
Teacher of the Piano Forte and Organ, has removed to the
First House above Twenty-fifth street, on the Railroad, (4th
Avenue.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

205

HARPER & BROTHERS’ RECENT PUBLICATIONS.

Inone splendidly printed volume, with above 1000 Engravings.

Price $3 75.

ENCYCLOPEDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

The wide range of topics comprised in this valuable publication,
commends it to the attention of an un usually extended class of read-
ers:—to the family circle primarily, the architect, the horticultu-
rist, the cabinet-maker, and others to whom the work addresses
itself. It is undoubtedly by far the best work of reference ever pre-
sented for the use of families. Every housekeeper would find the
work a real treasure.— Globe.

ii.

PROF. WHEWELL’S ELEMENTS OF MORALITY.

2 vols. 12mo. extra muslin gilt. $1–Forming the commencement of

harper’s new miscellany.

A work of extraordinary merit. It is a thorough discussion of
the fundamental principles of morals, by one of the profoundest
thinkers of the age: ana whether his conclusions are adopted or
not, no reader can fail to perceive in any page, the traces of discri-
mination, thought, and a high moral aim. Its classic purity and
precision of style is also a strong commendation of the work.—Ob-
server.

III.

MORRELL’S AMERICAN SHEPHERD,

Being a complete history of the sheep, with their breeds, man-
agement, diseases, &c. Illustrated by numerous engravings, 1
vol. 12mo., cloth binding, $1—paper covers 75 cents.

"The above named volume, which is issued under the immedi-
ate sanction of the New Fork Slate Agricultural Society, is a work
of great practical importance, and contains a prodigious amount of
instructive matter, suited to the farmer, the cattle fattener, the agri-
culturist and the wool-grower. Every one interested in these de-
partments of commerce would find the work invaluable.”—Evening
Gazelle.

ILLUSTRATED WANDERING JEW.

In numbers; price 25 cents each. Profusely embellished.

“We think these illustrations evince more vigor, brilliancy, and
effect, than almost any thing of the kind we have yet seen. As the
Harpers publish this revised and elegant edition at such very tri-
fling charge, we doubt not a prodigious demand will await it from
the public; and it richly merits the largest popularity.”—Evening
Post.

 GEN. green’s TEXAN EXPEDITION AGAINST MIER,

Including the subsequent imprisonment of the author; his suffer-
ings and final escape from the Castle of Perote; with reflections
upon the present political and probable future relations of Texas,
Mexico and the United Slates, &c. Illustrated by thirteen line en-
gravings. One volume, 8vo. 82.

This stirring narrative of the perilous and heroic exploits of a
small band of patriotic Texans, who won not only laurels by their
prowess, but liberty, is so rife with thrilling interest that it will win
the attention of the public with the fascination of a romance.—
Com. Adv.

CURIOUS AND UNIQUE WORK.

Now ready, in one beautiful octavo volume, with many Engra-
vings on steel, price $2.

NARRATIVE OF A MISSION TO BOKHARA.

In the year 1843-45, to ascertain the fate of Col. Stoddart and
Capt. Conolly.

By the Rev. Joseph Wolff. LL.D.

"This work has created a prodigious excitement throughout
England: it is unique in its character, as a literary production. It
seems to partake of the features of an autobiography; the narrative
being lull of personal detail, description of the perilous adventure
and imminent hazard of the author, In his expedition through the
East. No man living, perhaps, has travelled so extensively as this
celebrated individual, and few could have contributed a more in-
tensely interesting narrative of his experience.

“It will thus be seen that this extraordinary and eccentric man
Is admirably qualified to present a transcript of Asiatic Character-
istics,—supplying much that is novel and exceedingly curious
about tribes and nations of which we know so little. To say that
the work is an acceptable addition to the library of travel, is affirm-
ing far loo little of so striking a production: it is a book that ought
to De read and deliberately enjoyed by every intelligent person, lor
its quaintness, freshness, and superabounding interest. The work
is elegantly printed as a library book, and adorned by some dozen
curious fac-similes of oriental drawings.”—Courier and Enquirer.

PIANO FORTES.

CHEAP FOR CASH.—The Subscribers have on hand a
handsome assortment, 6,6 1/2, and 7 octave mahogany and rose-
wood Pianos, which they will warrant and sell low lor cash or ap-
proved paper.	GLENN, ROGERS & CO.,

Manufacturers, 152 Fulton street, east of Broadway.

WEDDING, VISITING, & PROFESSIONAL CARDS
 Engraved and Printed at VALENTINE’S, 1 Beekman-st.
Lovejoy’s Hotel.

IMPORTANT WORKS,

RECENTLY PUBLISHED BY

J. & H. G. LANGLEY, 8 ASTOR HOUSE.

I.

Von Raumer’s New Work.

America and the American People: being the result of the au-
thor’s recent travels through the United States. Translated from
the German of Frederick Von Raumer, by Professor Wm. VV.
Turner. 1 vol. 8 vo. 530 pp. Price $2.

II.

Eliza Cook’s Poetical Works.

New Edition, containing all her recent productions. Edited by
Rufus W. Griswold. 1 vol. 12 mo., illustrated with a Portrait and
twelve exquisite English engravings. Copies in Morocco, super
$3 50—Cloth Gilt, $2 50.

“This is a beautiful volume, splendidly bound, and still more
elegantly illustrated, and combining some of the choicest poems in
the language. The “Old Arm Chair," is one of the most popular
poems, and has touched the hearts of thousands who never knew
even the name of the author. She writes for the heart, and her
beautiful songs always reach it. The book forms one of the most
elegant holiday presents yet offered.”— Cour.      &	Enq.

III.

Miss Barrett’s Poems.

The Drama of Exile, and other Poems, by Elizabeth B. Barrett.
2 vols. 12 mo., elegantly printed.—$2 00.

"Miss Barrett is worth a dozen of Tennyson, and six of Mother-
well—equal perhaps in orignial genius to Keats and Shelley.—
There are beauties enough in one of her poems to have made a
fame in Waller’s time.”— Willis' Evening Minor.

IV.

Gregg’s Santa Fe and the Prairies.

Commerce of the Prairies, or the Journal of a Santa Fe Trader;
the personal observation ol a trader, made on eight several expe-
ditions across the Great Western Prairies, and during an almost
uninterrupted residence of .nine years in Northern Mexico.—Illus-
trated with numerous engravings. New Edition, revised by
Author. By Josiah Gregg. 2 vols. 12 mo. $2 00

V.

M. DE TOCQUEVILLE’S GREAT WORK.

Democracy in America, by Alexis De Tocqueville. Third edi-
tion, in 2 vols. 8vo. Corrected and Enlarged, with an Original In-
dex. Translated by Hemy Reeve, Esq., with Introductory Pre-
faces, by the Hon. John C. Spencer. Price $4 00 in muslin or
sheep.

“This work is one of the most profound and philosophical ever
written upon the character and institutions of our country.”_

Boston Traveller.

“As a study of political science, this book stands unrivalled in
our limes; equally remarkable for lucidity of style, acuteness and
delicacy of reasoning, and for the moral and intellectual vigor with
which it has been conceived and completed.”—London Times

VI.

DE TOCQUEVILLE ABRIDGED.

Designed for District School Libraries, Colleges, &c. In accor-
dance with the recommendation of several superintendents of Dis-
trict Schools, the Publishers beg to announce that they have just
issued a condensed edition of the above standard work, adapted ex-
pressly for the use of District Schools, Colleges, &c., to form 1 vol
l2mo. Price $1 00.

VII.

The Life of General Francis Marion.

By W. Gilmore Simms, author of “Guy Rivers,” &c. &c.
Seventh edition, revised by the author, with numerous engravings
1 vol. l2mo.—SI. “Few characters have stood out more boldly
on our Revolutionary Annals, or have supplied more interesting
and exciting materials for the historian, than that of Gen. Marion 
and it is not saying too much to claim for the work before us no
less the merit of accredited historical truth, than the most stirring
and absorbing attributes of high-wrought fiction.”—Democratic
Review.

VIII.

The Poetical Works of Praed.

Lillian, and other Poems, Fanciful and Facetious. By William
Mackworth Praed. First collected edition: Edited by R. W.
Griswold, 1 vol. 12mo., muslin. $1 25.

"Praed was the Poet of Society, a fellow of infinite humor,’
and in scholarship and art, surpassed by none of the English poets
of the age. Though many of his pieces have been almost univer-
sally read in this country, they have never yet been printed col-
lectively, either here or iu England.”—Democratic Review.

                   PIANO FORTES.	~

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to Du-
bois and Stodart,) No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete
assortment of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of
the most superior quality; such as be is prepared to guarantee for
their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish, and to en-
dure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard prices.
Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on hire.

266

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

J. F. BROWNE & CO.

MANUFACTURER OF THE

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION HARP,

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard.

JP. BROWNE respectfully informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for the manufacture
• and importation of these very beautiful instruments, at

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are such as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the high duties
imposed by Tariff on these Instruments.

J. P. Browne would observe, these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modem improvements of
London and Paris, are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism. Particular care is taken
to fit them for the extremes of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufac-
ture, imported in the usual way.

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe; among the latter, he would mention
N. C. Boscha, who invariably selects from this establishment.

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional taken! in this country.

Mr. J. P. Browne, Sir:—Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of
testing their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof
against the inconstancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction.

January, 1845.	I am yours, CHARLES THIBAULT, No. 40 Beach St., N. Y.

Dear Sir:—I write to express the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella’s Concert in this city.—
The mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old
Master, Boscha, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other. Yours, most truly, H. G. TRUST.
Philadelphia, March 4th, 1844.

Mr. J. P. Browne, Sir:—I have much pleasure in saying, that the Han) of your make f performed on at the St. George’s Society
Concert, is, in brilliancy of tone, touch, and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever played on. This will apply to all yonr Harps.
The grand six and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument. Yours, with respect, ELIZABETH SLOMAN.
New York, January 16th, 1845.	a pupil of N. C. Boscha.

Mr. J. P. Browne, Sid Having at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps, I find they possess the best quali-
ties of the first makers in Europe combined. That in the ease of touch, by which the most brilliant tone is obtained, in perfection and
ease of modulation, they arc superior to any I have used; their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste. Your new
Grand Gothic six and a half octave, is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world; it will give me great pleasure
in recommending your Harps at every opportunity.	Yours Truly, HENRY HORN.

January 12th, 1845.	An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every way capable of
making a correct decision. J. P. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Aits, Philadelphia, for his splendid
improvements in this delightful Instrument.

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

JUST PUBLISHED.

WILEY & PUTNAM’S FORIEGN LIBRARY—No. I.
 The Auto-Biography of Benveuuto Cellini—The complete
and annotated edition of Roscoe, [in two parts.] Part 1—50 cents.
In English cloth, by Bradley, 75 cents.

 "Cellini was one of the most extraordinary men in an extraor-
dinary age; his life, written by himself, is more amusing than any
novel I know.”—Horace Walpole.

The distinguished eminence of this artist, in the times of the
“old masters’—the intimacy of Cellini with Michael Angelo, Ti-
tian, and all the great Italian sculptors and painters of the age;
his connections with Francis 1. of France, Emperor Charles V.,
Popes Clement VII and Paul III, the Dukes Alessandro and Cos-
mo of Florence, and with many of the princes, statesmen, com-
manders, and dignified ecclesiastics of that turbulent age, which
called forth all the energies of Europe, and compelled our author
more than once to exchange the chisel for the sword—these cir-
cumstances afforded him opportunities of making the most inter-
esting observations, and perhaps no man was ever more capable
of availing himself of such advantages.—Roscoe’s Preface.

“This is, perhaps, the most perfect piece of auto-biography that
ever was written, whether considered with reference to the candor
and veracity of the author, the spirit of the incidents, or the creat-
ing vitality of the narrative. * * We never, in the whole

course of our life, read a book of a more engaging description.—
Retrospective Review.

PART II.—Completing the work, will be ready in a few days.—
WILEY & PUTNAM, 101 Broadway, New-York and all the
booksellers throughout the country.

PIANO FORTES.

V F HARRISON, 23 CANAL STREET, N. Y.—In-
struments made with the most recent improvement, such as
Iron Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are
made from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most
faithful workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the busi-
ness.

N. B.—Wanted a second hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes hired by the month.

ÆOLIAN ATTACHMENT.

HERMANN S. SARONI, PROFESSOR OF MUSIC,
116 Leonard street, New-York, teaches the Piano-Forte, with
or without Coleman’s celebrated Attachment.

PIANO FORTES.

H. WORCESTER, No. 139 THIRD AVENUE, COR-
ner of 14th Street, respectfully informs bis friends and the
public, that he has a good assortment of Piano-Fortes, in Rose-
wood and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons wishing
to purchase will find it to their advantage to call and examine be-
fore purchasing elsewhere.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

Edgar A. Poe,	Editor and Proprietor.

IS PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY.—OFFICE 115 NASSAU ST.

TERMS THREE DOLLARS PER ANNUM—SINGLE NUMBERS 112 AND A QUARTER CTS.

The Broadway Journal is, in its general character, a literary pa-
per: occupying itself with original, and more especially with critical
articles, in every department of Literature, properly so called—with
a preference, nevertheless, for the Belles Lettres and the
Fine Arts. There is no better medium in the country for
literary or a rustical advertisements.

AGENTS:

  Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.	Thos. H. Pease, New-Haven, Ct.

R. G. H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct.             J C. Morgan, New-Orleans.

M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.	W. W. Kingsley, New-London, Ct.

Robinson & Jones,Cincinnati. O.	G. N. Beesley, Utica, N. Y.

D. M. Dewey, Rochester, N. Y.	H. B. Strang, Peekskill, N. Y.

J. Robertson, Syracuse, N. Y.	Haliburton & Dudley Boston, Mass.

W. E. Russ, Schenectady, N. Y.	S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.

Levi Willard, Troy, N Y.	Peter Cooke, Hanford, Ct.

G. Jones, Albany. N. Y.	H. Esten, Providence R. I.

S. P. Hoyt, Newburgh, N. Y.	Safford & Park. Norwich. Ct.

Shurtz & Wide, Baltimore, Md.	John Tomlin, P. M. Jackson. Tenn.

Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia.	S. Hart, Sen., Charleston, S. C.

PRINTED AT THE OFFICE OF THE FARMER AND MECHANIC.