THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 1.

Three Dollars per Annum.
Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.

NEW YORK, SATURDAY, MAY 31, 1845.

C. F. BRIGGS, EDGAR A. POE, H. C. WATSON, EDITORS.

NO. 22.

Published at 135 Nassau St.
By JOHN BISCO.

THE NORTH AND THE SOUTH.

The South has just triumphed on northern soil. The
mare Peytona beat the mare Fashion nearly half a neck’s
length in a race of two heats. This is a glorious victory for
the South, and being the first of the kind that she has
won, must produce an immense sensation among the “ do-
mestic institutions.” There will be a tremendous rustling
of the palmettos. In all trials of skill between the South
and the North, the North has heretofore come off conqueror ;
Eclipse and Henry, Webster and Hayne, Fashion and Boston.
But now the tide has turned, and success is flowing from
north of Mason and Dixon’s Line towards Cottondom. First
the chivalry of the palmetto State triumphed over old Mr.
Hoar and his young daughter, then Peytona beat Fashion,
and now we perceive that Mr. Simms is fluttering the Vol-
scians in Cambridge ; having taken the Ursa Major of lite-
rary Yankeedom by the ears, in his last magazine. We have
not much faith in the “ parochial review,”as some of our lite-
rary people irreverently call the North American, ourselves,
particularly since it passed into the hands of its present keep-
er, and we are not disposed to regard Mr. Simms’ attack with
much dismay, for if the “conservative” North American
were altogether extinguished, we doubt whether its loss
would have any sensible, or, rather, perceptible effect upon 
the literature or the morals of the nation. As it is not pro-
bable that many of our readers are readers of the Southern 
Magazine, we will extract a part of Mr. Simms’ article, that
they may see in what estimation the North American is
held at the South.

A CIRCULAR, recently issued by the publishers of the North
American Review, somewhat earnestly insists upon the claims of
this “ veteran” periodical to the favor of the public, in “ having
done its part in representing the taste, science and literature of the
country, for a period of nearly thirty years.” It is certainly matter
of surprise that it should become necessary for a periodical, situated 
in the very heart of a region equally rich and populous, to send
forth a paper which dwells, in language of doubtful delicacy, upon 
its claims to public favor, in order to obtain if,—particularly, too, 
when you shall not meet a man in the whole country who is not 
willing to attest the perfect fidelity of this work to a people equally
ambitious of ascendancy and needing a champion. That the
“North American Review” has worked religiously for New Eng-
land, her sons, her institutions, her claims of every sort, there is no
manner of question. Whatever doubts we may entertain of the 
American character of this periodical, of its catholic tendency, and
its equal regard to the claims of the nation, as a whole, we can
have none, and none have ever been felt or expressed, of its per- 
fect devotedness to the region from which it more immediately is-
sues. None can deny the exclusive and jealous vigilance with 
which it insists upon the pretensions of Massachusetts Bay—the 
merits of its policy, the wisdom of its statesmen, the superior ex-
cellence of its genius generally—of its works of arts, its works of
imagination, its historians, its poets, its romances. The very hum-
blest of these is not suffered to escape recognition and land, and it
is a daily surprise to other parts of the world, to perceive how little
effort of their own, the Birds of the Charles, and other contiguous
waters—rare birds indeed—are lifted into the perfect purity and
size of the Swan, with only a little pleasant puffing from the plumes
of the " North American.” With a gift like this, it is certainly 
matter of wonder to us all, that such a circular as the one before
us, should need to pass beyond the single province of the Review
itself. Why, the poets alone, and the essayists, the writers of pil-
grim-orations, the tractarians and sermonizers, the makers of na-
ional school books and Parley books—all of whom have been glo-

rified in its pages—should alone be sufficiently numerous, as we
take for granted they are sufficiently grateful, to prevent a neces-
sity so humiliating to themselves and their organ. It has certainly
done its duty—and, perhaps, something more than its duty—by all
this class of persons; and there must be something wrong in the
system by which it works, if, after all, it is compelled to look abroad,
to regions for whose cash alone it seems to care, for the miserable
support which is necessary to its prolonged existence. Had it but
as religiously performed its duty by the whole broad country, the
name of which it modestly appropriates to itself—had it regarded
the nation, east and west, north and south, with an equal eye to its
glory, progress and advancement—we cannot think that its condi-
tion would be so greatly straitened now. That it has not done
so, is one of those unpleasant convictions in the public mind, to
which, without too great a stretch of inference, we may ascribe the
pregnant necessity which has led to the issue of the present circular.
With a little perversion of the text of Shakspeare, the mournful
speech of Wolsey to Cromwell, in the day of his decline, would
admirably suit the editor of the North American.—

Oh ! Otis, Olis—

Had I but served my country with the zeal

I served my state, it would not in mine age,

Have left me naked to mine enemies.”

The publishers proceed :—“ The tone of the work has become
somewhat bolder of late—and some energetic essays on general
politics have appeared in it.” This is certainly a very extraordinary
assurance, and should be productive of very general satisfaction
among its readers. We must not now be startled at any thing that
may appear in these pages, for there is to be an infusion of new
blood into the old veins; not that we are to suppose, (for how
could this be, in the veteran service of this Journal for nearly thirty
years, in representing the taste, science, and literature of the
country—under such men, too, as Channing, and Everett, and
Sparks, and Palfrey,) that it ever was deficient in the necessary
courage and energy of a periodical. But, us “veteran journals,”
like veteran soldiers, are apt to lapse into feebleness with years, it
is thought advisable to show, that such cannot be the case with
our “ North American,” which draws from a perennial fountain,
and can exhibit, whenever the thing is necessary, quite as much of
the proper fluid, the genuine red blood, as will suffice, not only for
all periodical, but all mortal purposes. To the good old names of
Channing, the Everetts, Bancroft and Sparks, Story, Wheaton and
Prescott, there succeed others, of whom, as worthy to wear the
mantles which these have cast aside, we have liberal assurance—
though we hear, for the first time, of some of the persons named.
There are, for example. “ Mr. Peabody, of Springfield, and his
brother of Boston.” Peabody is a good name enough, particularly
to an agricultural country, though it reminds us irresistibly of one
of the personages in the “ Midsummer Night’s Dream”—and we
catch ourselves quoting from Nicholas Bottom, at a rate which
scarcely seems appropriate in dealing with a reviewer.—“ I pray
you, commend me to Mistress Squash, your mother; and to mas-
ter Peascod, your father. Good Master Pease-blossom, I shall de-
sire of you more acquaintance.” We shall certainly hope to know
more of the Peabodys, both of Boston and Springfield. And there
is " Mr. Sabine, of Eastport.” We should be more satisfied of his
catholic tendencies were he written down, “ Mr. Eastport, of Sa-
bine,” but “ Sessa—let it pass!” Here is the very curse of this re-
view. It is New England only and all over—nothing but New
England. Of all the contributors enumerated by the editor, in his
laudable desire to attract subscribers to his list from all the States
of the American confederacy, he mentions but one name—that of
Mr. Win. B. Read, of Philadelphia—which is not absolutely and
entirely New England. There is not a single New-Yorker, not a
Virginian, not a Marylander, not a Carolinian, Kentuckian, or Ten-
nesseean in the catalogue. This is surely a strange way to bait
for subscribers in other States, and bet ays, quite as strongly as any
thing can do, the miserable selfishness of that policy, so notorious of
New England, which, even when its object is to find favor abroad,
overlooks the most obvious method of doing so, in the slavish blind-
ness of its early training. Surely, it is not pretended that good men
and true—able writers, profound and elegant thinkers—are not to
be found in all that stretch of country which has the Atlantic for
its base, from Long Island to the western limits of Georgia. But
no ! this “ North American Review” is a neat contrivance for teach-

338

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

ing North America by means of New England. It is to embody
and spread abroad the tastes and the fashions, the philosophies
and the bigotries, of a trim little group, squat, complacent, that sits,
unquestioning and utterly unquestioned, in all the suavity of assumed
authority, within the colossal shadow of the Bunker Monument.
Undoubtedly, these are all either able or clever men—correct wri-
ters generally, knowing and circumspect—not so remarkable for
the profundity of their philosophy, as for their familiarity with the
received modes of thinking, and the pleasant graces of expression.
Their writers are usually fastidious gentlemen, rather more solicit-
ous of style than of more important matters, and apt to write so
very like one another, that it will be somewhat difficult for one, not
accustomed to note the various degrees in which they severally
exhibit their energies, to detect the difference between them.
They will give you, most generally, a well written article, which
will show you the absolute position of the question—where it was
in the time of Noah, what changes were effected by the policy of
Solomon, how, and by whose hands it came down to us, and where
it is at the present moment in New England. But, unhappily, they
will try to keep it in this position, till the Hood of events sweeps
over it, and them, rooting up their neat little landmarks, accurately
cut and chiselled, to drift away upon the broad waste of ocean, for
the curiosity and edification of each future Columbus of philosophy.
This tenacity of position, in their mental concerns, being the fruit
of certain inherent qualities of their blood, and a certain regimen
of which they make much, and which they call conservatism. Of
this conservatism we shall know more hereafter.

We do not know that the middle States have fared very much
better than those of the South, in the treatment which they have
received at the hands of this journal. Their favorite writers are
not employed upon its pages, and their publications are noticed
slowly and with evident reluctance. When reviewed, it is very
certain that the New England critic employs in the case of the
New-Yorker, a very different and less indulgent standard of judg-
ment than that which regulates his criticism when one of his own
writers is under analysis. Procrustes was not more inexorable in
the use of his bedstead when the limbs of the stranger were to be
adjusted—while, in the case of a native, his excesses are gently inti-
mated, and what he has good about him—whatever is simply cor-
rect and inoffensive proves the occasion for as much delighted
cackling as is made by an old hen, suddenly put in possession of
a nest egg which she never laid herself.

Thus it is, that, with all the finish and polish of Boston —in spite
of the phrase on which the New Englander so much insists, when
he speaks of that city—“ the Athens of America,” is immeasura-
bly behind New-York in the measure and value of its literary pro-
ductions. It is from New-York, with all its deficiencies of taste,
its rough-and-tumble enthusiasm—blundering constantly against
the proprieties—provoking constantly the sneer of our polished
gentlemen down east—that we have the greatest amount of literary
performance. Here we have Cooper and Irving; and Bryant and
Halleck; and Hoffman and Willis; and Paulding and Herbert—
and many more, who will give us, and who have given us, works,
with which your Fadladeens, no doubt, will make sad havoc with
thumb and fore finger, but which said works will be read, and read
with delight, long after the critic by whom they were made mince-
meat of, will be famishing upon his circulars.

Much of this is true and well said, and much is untrue
and badly said. The New York names which are quoted as
evidence of the superior literary pretensions of this city over
Boston, were unhappily selected, three of them, Halleck,
Willis, and Bryant are New Englanders of New England,
and Mr. Herbert is an old Englander, but a short time a re-
sident of this country, and a good part of the time a resident
in Pennsylvania ; as to Mr. Irving, there is as little of the
‘‘rough and tumble enthusiasm” about him as any other
man possesses who ever blotted paper. New Englanders,
do, indeed, possess this very quality of rough-and-tumble en-
thusiasm in a greater degree than the writers of any other
portion of the country. Instead of writing with the fear of
the North American before them, their great defect has been
to write without any fear of any review whatever. As an
offset to Cooper, Irving, and Hoffman, the New Englander
may point with great complacency to Percival, Hawthorne,
R. W. Emerson, Channing, John Neal, Prescott, Brownson,
Lowell, Bancroft, Story, and Maria Child. These authors
owe nothing to the North American Review, the Review
nothing to them. Their style is as dissimilar as though
they had been reared in different hemispheres.

The truth is that the North American is held in as little
reverence in Boston as in South Carolina—probably it is not
held in as much. The tremendous onslaught of Mr. Simms’
article upon the poor old decrepit Quarterly magazine, which
exercises much less influence in the New England mind than
many penny papers do, shows how highly it is estimated at
the South.

It has had its day, as nearly every other quarterly review
has; and but for this attack in the Southern Magazine, we
should never have been reminded of its existence. It seems
to have been given over to the new school of Whipple
critics who are fast rocking it to an eternal slumber. The
article on the British Poets, was an unmistakable sign that
the breath was fast leaving its body. We would recom-
mend the publishers to buy up the whole edition of the Sou-
thern magazine for gratuitous distribution : it is a capital
puff, and will remind many of its old friends that the Review
is still in existence.

There is certainly great truth in the following remarks,
but we do not see that any quarterly review could do any bet-
ter. What the literary interests of the country need, is an
able weekly review, somewhat of the character of the Lon-
don Athenaeum and the Literary Gazette; a deficiency in our
periodical literature which we hope to fill by our Journal.

The substantial particular in which this Review might have been
equally national and useful to this country,—much more so, indeed,
than by vainly attempting to combat the assaults and refute the
calumnies of foreign journals,—is in the countenance, the encourage-
ment, and the assistance, which it might have shown to the imma-
ture genius of the country, struggling to give proper utterance to
its crude conceptions,—struggling here and there, in the cities and
the forest, under the thousand discouragements and disadvantages
which every where, in the great interior, beset the footsteps of the
infant intellect. But we have not seen, in the pages of this jour-
nal, a single instance where it has shown the slightest solicitude in
behalf of any young writer,—always assuming that he is not a sprout
of New England,—detecting his genius through its rags, and seek-
ing, by gentle reproof and benignant counsel, to train it in the way
it should go, in the pursuit of its high calling. We see no young
beginner taken by the hand, his course and models suggested, and
patient efforts made to give the true direction to his vague and im-
perfect conceptions. Where is the youth, whose first attempts have
signified the possessions of his mind, upon whom, at first, this jour-
nal has bestowed any of that notice which brings encouragement ?
If one of these can be indicated, who has afterwards arrived at ex-
cellence and fame, we shall make such admissions in the case of
this “veteran periodical,” as we have not been prepared to make
before. And this is no improper test for a journal that boasts of
its being the organ of the nation for thirty years. How can that
critic claim to have fostered the native literature, who cannot in a
single instance, point to the verification of his own predictions,—
who cannot point to some one individual whom he has designated
in the first blush of authorship, and urged with kind suggestion and
just counsel, to the attainment of an honourable eminence? Such
should be no unreasonable requisition in the case of a veteran pe-
riodical like this; and one instance of this sort, honestly proven,
would be of more avail in adding to the subscription list, than ten
thousand self-complacent assurances of merit, embodied in a begging
Circular.

In the matter of North and South, we claim to be per-
fectly disinterested spectators. It is quite impossible that
men who have never travelled should be able to entertain a
very comprehensive patriotism, particularly in a country like
ours whose borders are so widely extended. There are many
kind-hearted people who are all alive to hear something
from the moon by means of Lord Rosse’s telescope, who will
sit down in happy ignorance of the opposite side of the town
in which they live. It is hardly credible but it is true, that
the people who live West of Broadway, affect an utter igno-
rance of the territory lying east of the Bowery. We heard a
stranger inquire of a New Yorker, a Knickerbocker of the
Knickerbockers, the other day the way to Eldridge street—
“’Pon my word,” said the Knickerbocker patriot, “ I cannot
tell you, I believe there is such a street, but I think it must lie
east of Broadway, for I have never seen it.” A great country
is like a great city—one half of the inhabitants must be stran-
gers and enemies to the other half. The Southern Magazine
laughs incredulously at the mention of “Mr Sabine of East-
port,” and thinks that it should read Mr. Eastport of Sabine;
but the North American is equally incredulous in respect to
Stephen Elliot of Charleston, whom the Southern Magazine
speaks of in a tone which implies that not to know Stephen,
argues one's self unknown. Now we were born at the North,
but have lived at the South, and have wandered over a good
portion of the east and the west; our affections, are, therefore,
pretty equally quartered, and it has always been a matter of
astonishment to us that the different sections of the Union
should quarrel with each other, when we knew by observa-
tion that they were all very much alike. Railroads and
steamboats are doing something, and the electric telegraph
is doing more towards annihilating space and bringing all the

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

339

inhabitants of the Union in close proximity to each other;
and this will have the effect of allaying many unpleasant jeal-
ousies and suspicions which now exist between sections re-
mote from each other. This very article in the Southern
Magazine, chuckles over its chivalry to the fair sex like a
cock in a barnyard, and so blesses itself that they do not
murder women at the South as they do at the North.
What the Magazine means by this insinuation we cannot
possibly conceive : whether it has been reading Miss 
Fuller’s book, or some wicked wag has circulated a report 
down South that they have suttees in the Bay State, we do
not know, but it is very evident that some of the literary 
circles in Charleston, have discovered a mare’s nest. We
once heard a literary Carolinian say very seriously, in a com-
pany of learned men at the North, that there were no clas-
sical scholars in this country except at the South—and he
said it in a manner, too, that left no doubt that he believed
what he said. The same liberal gentleman also asserted
very positively that there was no such thing as humor at the
North. Now it so happens that the few humorous editors of
whom they can boast at the South, are all New England-
ers — Fields of the Reveille, and the Picayune people,
being the most eminent among them. In New York, near-
ly the entire press is in the hands of New Englanders,
Bryant of the Post, Willis and Morris of the Mirror, the
Townsends and Brookses (a score of them) of the Ex-
press, Greely and Fuller of the Tribune, Hunt of the Mer-
chant’s Magazine, Colton of the Whig Review, Hale and
Hillock of the Journal of Commerce, Raymond and Daniels
and King of the Courier, Cheever of the Evangelist, Morse of
the Observer, Seabury of the Churchman, Beach of the Sun,
Green, Deming & Co. of the Emporium, Park Benjamin of
something to be brought out by-and-by, and a dozen more of
less prominence. Even the editor of the Southern Quarterly
Review is a New Englander.

For our own part, we think it a matter of precious little mo-:
ment on which side of Mason and Dixon’s line a man is born 
if he is only a man “for a’that.” A few years ago when
Mr. Webster attended a mass meeting in Richmond, the
people were greatly astonished to find him so nearly resem- 
bling one of themselves, and we have no doubt that Mc-
Duffie or Calhoun would create the same kind of astonish-
ment in Boston or Bangor. A gentleman, Mr. Tyler we be-
lieve, recommended, in a speech before some historical soci- 
ety in Philadelphia a year or two since, that a certain num-
ber of citizens should be sent over to England yearly, upon a 
reciprocal mission, to preserve peace between the two na-
tions by the amenity of their manners. This was a very
sensible recommendation, but we do not remember that any
member of Congress has ever made any motion in relation to
it. But it would be one of the cheapest and most agreeable
methods of preserving the peaceable relations of England and
America that could be devised. Our array and navy which
are now kept up as scare-crows, and invite rather than re-
pel invasion, cost the nation some fifteen millions annually.
But ten millions would defray the annual expenses of at least
thirty-five hundred gentlemen in the best London Society, and
the peace-compelling effect of their intercourse with John
Bull, more especially if they were single, no one can doubt
would be much greater than our whole armed force now 
can produce, and the nation would be a clear gainer of some
five millions of dollars which might be profitably expended
in promotion of the same end, in founding public libraries, or
erecting telegraphs and observatories. Some discretion
would be necessary in the selection of these travelling peace
makers and promoters of national good-will, but if they were
elected by the people, in the manner of our representatives,
there would be little danger of improper persons being sent.
The same system might be adopted by the States with refe-
rence to each other, but on a much smaller scale and at a
less expense.

The experiment tried by Massachusetts in sending old Mr.
Hoar and his young daughter to South Carolina, did not turn-
out very well it must be confessed, but that is no reason
why the experiment should not he tried again on a more ex-
tensive scale, or it might be well to try the plan upon a less
belligerent people. North Carolina, for instance, as a test.
We are not without hope that some spirited member of the
next Congress will propose some measure like this that we
have hinted at, and the inducement to good behavior in our
citizens who might be ambitious of being sent abroad by the
people would alone have the happiest tendency. Imagine
the sensation that would be created in our fashionable

squares and avenues by an announcement that one of Her
Majesty’s steamers was below, freighted with two or three
hundred of the elite of young England sent over here to pro-
mote good feeling towards the mother country ! Would even
Mr. Benton, or the tremendously war-like Senator from
Ohio, ever dream of war after such an announcement ?

THE THREE MAXIMS.

From the Gesta Romanorum.

There was an emperor of Rome named Domitian, a good
and a wise prince, who suffered no offenders to escape.
There was a high feast in his hall, the tables glittered with
gold and silver, and groaned with plenteous provision: his
nobles feasted with him—

‘ And ’twas merry with all

In the king’s great hall.

When his nobles and kinsmen, great and small,

Were keeping their Christmas holiday.’

The porter in his lodge made his fire blaze brightly, and so-
laced himself with Christmas cheer; every now and then
grumbling at his office, that kept him from the gaieties of
the retainer’s hall. The wind blew cold, the sleet fell
quick, as the bell of the king’s gate sounded heavy and dull.
“ Who comes now?” grumbled the porter; “ a pretty night
to turn out from fire and food. Why, the very bell itself
finds it too cold to clank loudly. Well, well—duty is duty:
some says it’s a pleasure—humph ! Hilloa, friend, who are
you ? what do you want, man ?”

The traveller whom the porter thus addressed was a tall,
weather-beaten man, with long white hair that fluttered
from beneath his cap of furs, and whose figure, naturally
tall and robust, seemed taller and larger from the vast cloak
of bearskins with which he was enveloped.

“I am a merchant from a far country,” said the man;
“many wonderful things do I bring to your emperor, if he
will purchase of my valuables.”

“ Well, come in, come in, man,” said the porter: “the
king keeps high Christmas feast, and on this night all men
may seek his presence. Wilt take some refreshment, good
sir ?”	

“ I am never hungry, nor thirsty, nor cold.”

“ I’m all—there—straight before you, good sir—the hall
porter will usher you in—straight before,” muttered the old
porter, as he returned to his fire and his supper. “Never
hungry, thirsty, nor cold—what a good poor man he would
make! humph! he loses many a pleasure though,” con-
tinued the porter, as he closed the door of the lodge.

The strange merchant presented himself to the hall porter,
and was ushered by him into the presence of the emperor.

“Who have we here?” said Domitian, as the strange
visiter made his obeisance. “ What seekest thou of me?”

“ I bring many things from far countries. Wilt thou buy
of my curiosities ?”

“ Let us see them,” rejoined Domitian.

“ I have three maxims of especial wisdom and excellence,
my lord.”

“ Let us hear them.”

“ Nay, my lord ; if thou hearest them, and likest not, then
I have lost both my maxims and my money.”

“ And if I pay without hearing them, and they are useless,
I lose my time and my money. What is the price ?”

" A thousand florins, my lord.”

“ A thousand florins for that of the which I know not what
it is,” replied the king.

“ My lord,” rejoined the merchant, “ if the maxims do
not stand you in good stead, I will return the money.”

“ Be it so then : let us hear your maxims."

“The first, my lord,on this wise: Never begin anything

UNTIL YOU HAVE CALCULATED WHAT THE END WILL BE.”

“ I like your maxim much,” said the king ; “ let it be re-
corded in the chronicles of the kingdom, inscribed on the
walls and over the doors of my palaces and halls of justice,
and interwoven on the borders of the linen of my table and
my chamber.”

“The second, my Lord, is, Never leave a highway for

A BYE-WAY.”

" I see not the value of this maxim: but to the third.”

“ Never sleep in the house where the master is an old
man and the wife a young woman. These three maxims,
if attended to, my lord, will stand you in good stead.”

340

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

“We shall see,” said the king ; “ a year and a day for the
trial of each, at the end of this time we will settle accounts.”
“Good master,” said the king's jester, “wilt sell thy
chance of the thousand florins for my fool’s cap?”

“ Wait, and see what the end will he,” rejoined the mer-
chant ; “ a year and a day hence I will return to see how
my first maxim has fared. Farewell, my lord.’’ . . .

The year and a day were nearly elapsed, and yet the first
maxim had not been clearly proved. Domitian remained
severely just, and the ill-intentioned of his nobles plotted his
destruction in the hopes of indulging their vices more freely
under the rule of his successor. Many were the plots they
concocted to put him to death, but all were foiled by his
foresight and prudence.

“ Every failure,” said the conspirators at a midnight meet-
ing, “ brings danger nearer to ourselves.”

“Even so, brothers, but this time we will not fail,” said
one of the number; “ do ye not mind that I am the king’s
barber: every day he bares his throat to my razor: it is but
one slash, and we are free; promise me the crown: in re-
turn for this, I will give you freedom by the king’s death,
and free license during my reign.”

“ It is well spoken,” cried all the conspirators; “the bar-
ber shall be our king.”

On the next morning, the barber entered the chamber of
Domitian, and prepared to shave the king. The razor was
stropped, the lather spread upon the royal chin, and the tow-
el fastened round the royal breast. On the edge of the nap-
kin were these words in letters of gold, “ Never begin any-
thing until you have calculated what the end will be.”

The barber’s eye fell on these words, they arrested his
attention, he paused in his labors.

“What am I about to do ?" thought he to himself, “to
kill the king, to gain his crown; am I sure of the crown ?
shall I not rather be slain miserably, and die amid unheard
of tortures and infamy ? whilst those that plot with me will
turn against me, and make me their scape-goat.”

“Art dreaming, sir barber?” exclaimed the king.

At the king's voice, the barber trembled exceedingly, he
dropt the razor from his hand, and fell at his sovereign’s
feet.

“ What means all this?

“Oh, my good lord !” exclaimed the barber, as he knelt
at Domitian’s feet, “ this day was I to have killed thee: but
I saw the maxim written on the napkin: I thought of the
consequences, and now repent me of my wickedness. Mercy,
my good lord, mercy !"

“Be faithful, and fear not,” replied the king.

“The merchant, my lord the king,’ said a servant of the
chamber, who entered at that moment, followed by the old
merchant.

“ Thou art come at a good time, sir merchant; the first
maxim has been proved ; it has saved my life: it was wor-
thy of its price.”

“ Even as I expected, my lord—a year and a day hence
expect me again.”

“ We will trust no more to a single hand,” said one of the
conspirators, when they met again, after the barber’s re-
pentance; “ this time we will all share.”

“ I propose, ’ said one of the rebel lords, “ an ambush on
the road to Naples. Every year, on the day after Christmas,
the king journeys thither; the bye-path near to the city
gates is the nearest road, peradventure he will go that way.’’
When the Christmas night was over, the king prepared
to journey to Naples; a great company of nobles, knights,
and men at arms, went with him. Not far from the city, he
came to the place where the highway and bye path di-
verged.

“ My lord,” said an old noble, “ the day is far spent, the
sun sinks fast in the horizon; will not my lord turn by the
bye-path, as it is far shorter than the high road ?”

“ Nay,” said the king, “it’s a year and a day since the
merchant's first maxim saved my life: now will I test the
second admonition. ‘ Never leave a highway for a bye-path,' 
but go part of ye by that path, and prepare for me in the
city ; I and the rest will pursue the highway.”

Onward rode the knights and the soldiers by the bye-path,
and hastened towards the city; as they neared the ambush,
the traitors sprang upon them, for they thought the king was
among them. Every man slew his opponent, and there re-

mained not one of the king's company, to bear the tidings
to the king, but a youth, a little page, whom the conspira-
tors did not remark during the attack.

At the city gates, the king found the merchant who had
sold him his maxims.

“ Halt, O king!” said he—the second maxim has been
proved.”

“How so?” replied the king.

“The company that rode by the bye-path are slain, every
one of them save this little page, who is here to tell the sad
tale.”

“ Is this so, good youth ?”

“Alas, my lord, it is too true : from behind the trees they
rushed upon our company as we rode lightly and merrily,
and no one, save your poor page, lives to tell the tale.”

“ For a second time is my life saved by the maxim ; let it
be inscribed in gold, ‘ Never leave a highway for a bye-
way.' ”

“ For a year and a day, O king, fare thee well.”









“ A murrain on the old fool’s maxims!” grumbled the chief
of the conspirators, when they discovered that the king had
escaped their wicked design ; “ we are beaten out of every
plot, and had best submit to his dominion.”

“ Nay,” exclaimed a young and icentious noble, “ there is
luck in odd numbers, let us have one more trial, a sink or a
swim.”

“ I care not if we try once more,” said the old rebel; “ but
come, who suggests a scheme ?”

“ I, and I, and I!” exclaimed several at once; but their
schemes were pronounced futile.

“ What say ye to this ?” said the young man who had before
spoken : “ every year the king goes to the small village town,
where his old nurse lives ; there is but one house in the vil-
lage where he can be lodged, let us bribe the master of the
house, that he slay our tyrant while he sleeps.”

The plan was approved by the rebel lords, the bribe offer-
ed and accepted by the old man, to whose house the king
always came. The king came as usual to the village town,
and to his old lodgings. As he entered, the old man received
him with humility and feigned delight, and a young damsel,
not eighteen, attended at the door step. The king noticed
the damsel, he arrested his steps, and called to the old man.

“ Good father,’’asked he, “ is yonder damsel thy daughter,
or thy niece ?”

“Neither, my lord,” replied the old man, “she is my
newly-married wife.”

“ Away, away,” said the king to his chamberlain, “pre-
pare me a bed in another house, for I will not sleep here to-
night.”

“Even as my lord wishes,” rejoined the chamberlain;
“but my lord knows there is no other house in this place fit
for a king’s residence, save this one; here everything is pre-
pared, everything commodious.”

“ I have spoken,” replied the king: “remain thou here; I
will sleep elsewhere.”

In the night, the old man and his wife arose, stole on tip-
toe to the chamber which was prepared for the king, and
where the chamberlain now slept in the royal bed ; all was
dark as they approached the bed, and plunged a dagger into
the breast of the sleeping noble.

“ It is done,” said they ; “ to bed, to bed.”

Early the next morning, the king’s page knocked at the
door of the humble abode where the king had passed the
night.

“ Why so early, good page ?” asked the king.

“My lord, the old merchant waits thy rising; and even
now strange news is come from the village.’’

“ Let the merchant and the messenger come in.”

The merchant seemed greatly elated, his eye glistened
with joy, and his figure appeared dilated beyond its ordinary
height. The messenger was pale and trembling, and staring
aghast with fear.

"My lord, my good lord,” exclaimed the pallid messenger,
“ a horrible murder has been committed on your chamber-
lain : he lies dead in the royal bed.”

" The third maxim is tried and proved," said the mer-
chant.

“Give God the praise,” said the king; “thy reward is
earned: a robe of honor, and thrice thy bargained price ; to
the old man and his wife, immediate death.”

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

341

THE UNSEEN RIVER.
Through a valley green and golden,

In the purple time and olden,

When the East was growing grey ;
When the mists were star-ward creeping—
Weeping—being woke from sleeping
By the anthems of the Day ;—

While, like vapor o’er a city, fluctuating still they lay ;

Walking through their shrouding shadows,

Over daisy-dimpled meadows,

Moved a proud and princely youth,

With a foot-fall light and airy
As the sylphid step of fairy,

And a forehead stamped with truth :—

An Apollo ! incarnating lofty scorn and living ruth.

From the valley,—from a river,—

Which, with many a silver quiver,

Through the landscape stole in light;—

From the bushes, shrubs, and blossoms,—

Flowers unfolding fragrant bosoms,—

Curled the shadows out of sight;

Fading, like a ghost, in air. And ever the river rippled bright.

Fruits of crimson—purple—azure—

Thrilled his Poet-soul with pleasure
Which, from all, new glory won;

While around him birds were chaunting,—

Birds that fairy valley hauntiug,—

Such as Mother Earth had none :

And like gems their pinious glistened, glancing in the aspiring sun.

In a sweet excitemeut swimming,

All his soul with beauty brimming,

While the morning grew to noon;

In that glorious valley—listening
To the music—by the glistening
River—sung with lulling tune,

While his heart throbbed echo 'neath Lethean languor born
of June—

Carelessly the youth went straying
Like a merry child a-Maying.

And the river rippled on.

While now that a hirst pursued him,

And the noon tide heat subdued him,

And he felt him weak and wan,

Thinking of the stream, he turned him, fevered ; but the stream
was gone!

Searching for it, on he wandered
Hour by hour ! and sadly pondered
As to where its waves might be :

And the valley slowly faded
To a primal forest, shaded
By full many a mossy tree.

Still he could not see the stream meandering through the mead-
owy lea.

But the murmur of the river,

Rippling, miming, plashing ever,

Floated on his yearning ear:

Still before he heard it flowing—

Heard it kiss the rocks while going,

Seeming us he heard it, near;

Whispering nearer, flowing onward, gurgling every instant hear.

More luxuriant, greener, brighter,

Glossier, loftier, aud lighter
Grew the foliage where it seemed:

And the woodland birds sang clearer,

And the waters near and nearer

Murmured, 'till he thought they gleamed;

And, between the emerald leaves, he dreamed the silver wave-
lets beamed:

Through the trees, among the bushes,

Looking for the river rushes,

Onward, onward, still he went,

Listening to the water’s plashing—

Listening to the eddies dashing
In their chrystal merriment:

But he found it not, though stooping—gazing 'till his form grew

bent.

All around grew dark and dreary,

And our wanderer, very weary,

Tottered feebly, full of pain,

From the forest; with his figure
Robbed of all its youthful vigor:—

And the sun was on the wane—

And night’s swarthy, solemn shadow slowly gathered round the
plain,

And—among those shades lamenting,—

Urged by old Time unrelenting,—

Where was never else but gloom—

From the sight the wanderer faded,

By chaotic blackness shaded.

While the silence of the tomb

Wrapped him, shroud-like; and that silence was the requiem
of his doom.

HENRY B. HIRST.

SH ADOW-A PARABLE.

Yes! though I walk through the valley of the Shadow:--Psalm of David.

Ye who read are still among the living: but I who write
shall have long since gone my wav into the region of sha-
dows. For indeed strange things shall happen, and secret
things be known, and many centuries shall pass away, ere
these memorials be seen of men. And, when seen, there
will be some to disbelieve, and some to doubt, and yet a few
who will find much to ponder upon in the characters here
graven with a stylus of iron.

The year had been a year of terror, and of feelings more
intense than terror for which there is no name upon the
earth. For many prodigies and signs had taken place, and
far and wide, over sea and land, the black wings of the Pes-
tilence were spread abroad. To those, nevertheless, cun-
ning in the stars, it was not unknown that the heavens wore
an aspect of ill; and to me, the Greek Oinos, among others,
it was evident that now had arrived the alternation of that
seven hundred and ninety-fourth year when, at the entrance
of Aries, the planet Jupiter is conjoined with the red ring of
the terrible Saturnus. The peculiar spirit of the skies, if I
mistake not greatly, made itself manifest, not only in the
physical orb of the earth, but in the souls, imaginations, and
meditations of mankind.

Over some flasks of the red Chian wine, within the walls
of a noble ball, in a dim city called Ptolemais, we sat, at
night, a company of seven. And to our chamber there was
no entrance save by a lofty door of brass: and the door was
fashioned by the artizan Corinnos, and, being of rare work-
manship, was fastened from within. Black draperies, like-
wise, in the gloomy room, shut cut from our view the moon,

the lurid stars, and the peopleless streets—but the boding
and the memory of Evil, they would not be so excluded.
There were things around us and about of which I can ren-
der no distinct account —things material and spiritual—hea-
viness in the atmosphere—a sense of suffocation—anxiety—
and, above all, that terrible state of existence which the
nervous experience when the senses are keenly living and
awake, and meanwhile the powers of thought lie dormant.
A dead weight hung upon us. It hung upon our limbs—
upon the household furniture—upon the goblets from which
 we drank ; and all things were depressed, and borne down
 thereby—all things save only the flames of the seven iron
lamps which illumined our revel. Uprearing themselves in
tall slender lines of light, they thus remained burning all
pallid and motionless; and in the mirror which their lustre
formed upon the round table of ebony at which we sat, each
of us there assembled beheld the pallor of his own counte-
nance, and the unquiet glare in the downcast eyes of his
companions. Yet we laughed and were merry in our pro

342

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

per way—which was hysterical; and sang the songs of An-
acreon—which are madness; and drank deeply—although
the purple wine reminded us of blood. For there was yet
another tenant of our chamber in the person of young Zoilus.
Dead, and at full length he lay, enshrouded;—the genius
and the demon of the scene. Alas ! he bore no portion in
our mirth, save that his countenance, distorted with the
plague, and his eyes in which Death had but half extinguish-
ed the fire of the pestilence, seemed to take such interest in
our merriment as the dead may haply take in the merriment
of those who are to die. But although I, Oinos, felt that
the eyes of the departed were upon me, still I forced myself
not to perceive the bitterness of their expression, and, gazing
down steadily into the depths of the ebony mirror, sang with
a loud and sonorous voice the songs of the son of Teios.
But gradually my songs they ceased, and their echoes, roll-
ing afar off among the sable draperies of the chamber, be-
came weak, and undistinguishable, and so faded away.
And lo ! from among those sable draperies where the sounds
of the song departed, there came forth a dark and undefined
shadow—a shadow such as the moon, when low in heaven,
might fashion from the figure of a man : but it was the sha-
dow neither of man, nor of God, nor of any familiar thing.
And, quivering awhile among the draperies of the room, it
at length rested in full view upon the surface of the door
of brass. But the shadow was vague, and formless, and in-
definite, and was the shadow neither of man nor of God—
neither God of Greece, nor God of Chaldaea, nor any Egypt-
ian God. And the shadow rested upon the brazen doorway,
and under the arch of the entablature of the door, and mov-
ed not, nor spoke any word, but there became stationary and
remained. And the door whereupon the shadow rested was,
if I remember aright, over against the feet of the young Zoi-
lus enshrouded. But we, the seven there assembled, having
seen the shadow as it came out from among the draperies,
dared not steadily behold it, but cast down our eyes, and
gazed continually into the depths of the mirror of ebony.
And at length I, Oinos, speaking some low words, demanded
of the shadow its dwelling and its appellation. And the
shadow answered, “ I am SHADOW, and my dwelling is
near to the Catacombs of Ptolemais, and hard by those dim
plains of Helusion which border upon the foul Charonian
canal.” And then did we, the seven, start from our seats in
horror, and stand trembling, and shuddering, and aghast:
for the tones in the voice of the shadow were not the tones
of any one being, but of a multitude of beings, and, varying
in their cadences from syllable to syllable, fell duskily upon
our ears in the well remembered and familiar accents of
many thousand departed friends	edgar a. poe.

REVIEWS.

MRS. CHILD'S PHILOTHEA.

Overwhelmed in a long-continued inundation of Sue-ism,
we turn with a species of gasping satisfaction—with a deep
sense of the luxury of repose—to the pure and quiet pages
of Philothea.

We regard it not only as the best work of its author—but
as the best work of a class in which are to be ranked the Te-
lemachus of Fenelon and the Anacharsis of Barthelemi.

Its plot is simple. The scene is principally in ancient
Athens during the administration of Pericles; and some of
the chief personages of his time are brought, with himself,
upon the stage. Among these are Aspasia, Alcibiades, Hip-
pocrates, Anaxagoras of Clazomenae, Plato, Hermippus the
comic writer, Phidias the sculptor, Artaxerxes of Persia, and
Xerxes his son. Philothea, the heroine of the tale, and the
grand daughter of Anaxagoras, is of a majestic beauty, and
of great purity and elevation of mind. Her friend Eudora,
of a more delicate loveliness, and more flexile disposition, is
the adopted daughter of Phidias, who bought her, when an
infant, of a goat-herd in Phelle—herseif and nurse having
been stolen from the Ionian coast by Greek pirates, the
nurse sold into slavery, and the child delivered to the care of
the goat-herd. The ladies, of course, have lovers. Eudora

is betrothed to Philaemon. This Athenian, the son of the
wealthy Cherilaus, but whose mother was bom in Corinth,
jhas incurred the dislike of Aspasia, the wife pf Pericles,
She procures the revival of an ancient law subjecting to a
heavy fine all citizens who marry foreigners, and declaring
all persons whose parents were not both Athenians, incapa-
ble of voting in the public assemblies, or of inheriting the
estates of their fathers. Philaemon, thus deprived of citi-
zenship, prevented from holding office, and without hope of
any patrimony, is obliged to postpone, indefinitely, his union
with Eudora. The revival of the obnoxious law has also a
disastrous effect on the interests of Philothea. She is beloved
by Paralus, the son of Pericles, and returns his affection.

But in marrying she will bring upon him losses and degra-
dation. Pericles, too, looks with an evil eye upon her po-
verty; and the idea of marriage is therefore finally aban-
doned.

Matters are thus situated when Philothea, being appoint-
ed one of the Canephorae (whose duty it is to embroider the
sacred peplus, and to carry baskets in the precession of the
Panathenaia) is rigidly secluded by law, for six months,
within the walls of the Acropolis. During this time Eudora,
deprived of the good counsel and example of her friend, be-
comes a frequent visitor at the house of Aspasia, by whose
pernicious influence she is insensibly affected. It is at the
return of Philothea from the Acropolis that the story com-
mences. At the urgent solicitation of Aspasia, who is desi-
rous of strengthening her influence in Athens by the counte-
nance of the virtuous, Anaxagoras is induced to attend, with
his grand-daughter, a symposium at the house of Pericles.

Eudora accompanies them. The other guests are Hermip-
pus, Phidias, the Persian Artaphernes, Tithonus a learned
Ethiopian, Plato, Hipparete the wife of Alcibiades, and Al-
cibiades himself. At this symposium Eudora is dazzled by
the graces of Alcibiades, and listens to his seductive flatte-
ry—forgetful of the claims of Hipparete and of her own
lover, Philaemon. The poison of this illicit feeling now af-
fects all the action of the drama. Philothea discovers the
danger of her friend, but is sternly repulsed upon the proffer
of good advice. Alcibiades is appointed a secret interview
by Eudora, which is interrupted by Philothea—not, however,
before it is observed by Philaemon, who in consequence,
abandons his mistress, and departs broken-hearted from
Athens. The eyes of Eudora are now opened, too late, to
the perfidy of Alcibiades, who had deceived her with the
promise of marriage and of obtaining a divorce from Hippa-
rete. It is Hipparete who appeals to the Archons for a di-
vorce from Alcibiades, on the score of his notorious profli-
gacy ; and in the investigations which ensue, it appears that
a snare has been laid by Aspasia and himself to entrap Eu-
dora, and that, with a similar end in view, he has also
promised marriage to Electra, the Corinthian.

Pericles seeks to please the populace by diminishing the
power of the Areopagus. He causes a decree to be passed,
that those who deny the existence of the Gods, or introduce
new opinions about celestial things, shall be tried by the
people. This, however, proves injurious to some of his own
personal friends. Hermippus lays before the Themothetae
Archons an accusation of blasphemy against Anaxagoras,
Phidias, and Aspasia ; and the case is tried before the fourth
assembly of the people. Anaxagoras is charged with not
having offered victims to the Gods, and with having blas-
phemed the divine Phoebus by saying the sun was only a
huge ball of fire:—he is condemned to die. Phidias is ac-
cused of blasphemy in having carved the likeness of himself
and Pericles on the shield of heaven-born Pallas—of having

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

343

said that he approved the worship of the Gods merely be-
cause he wished to have his own works adored—and of de-
coying to his own house the maids and matrons of Athens,
under pretence of seeing sculpture, but in fact, to administer
to the profligacy of Pericles. He also is sentenced to death.
Aspasia is accused of saying that the sacred baskets of De-
meter contained nothing of so much importance as the beau-
tiful maidens who carried them ; and that the temple of Po-
seidon was enriched with no offerings from those who had
been wrecked notwithstanding their supplications—thereby
implying irreverent doubts of the power of Ocean’s God. Her
sentence is exile. Pericles, however, succeeds in getting the
execution of the decrees suspended until the oracle of Am-
phiaraus can be consulted. Antiphon, a celebrated diviner,
is appointed to consult it. He is absent for many days, and
in the meantime Pericles has an opportunity of tampering
with the people, as he has already tampered with Anti-
phon. The response of the oracle opportunely declares that
the sentences be re-considered. They are; Phidias and
Anaxagoras are merely banished, while Aspasia is acquitted.
These trials form, perhaps, the most interesting portion of
the book.

Chapter XI. introduces us to Anaxagoras, the contented
resident of a small village near Lampsacus in Ionia. He is
old, feeble and poor. Philothea watches by his side, and
supports him with the labor of her hands, Plato visits the
sage of Clazomenae in his retreat, and brings news of the
still beloved Athens. The pestilence is raging—the Piraeus is
heaped with the unburied dead. Hipparete has fallen a vic-
tim. Pericles was one of the first sufferers, but has recover- 
ed through the skill of Hippocrates. Phidias who, after his
sentence of exile, departed with Eudora to Elis, and grew in
honor among the Eleans—is dead. Eudora still remains at
his house, Elis having bestowed on her the yearly revenues
of a farm in consideration of the affectionate care bestowed
upon her illustrious benefactor. Philaemon is in Persia in-
structing the sons of the wealthy satrap Megabyzus. Alci-
biades is living in unbridled license at Athens. But the vis-
iter has not vet spoken of Paralus, the lover of Philothea.—
“ Daughter of Alcimenes,” he at length says—we copy here
a page of the volume as a specimen of the grace of the nar-
rative:

“ Daughter of Alcimenes, your heart reproaches me that I forbear
to speak of Paralus. That I have done so, has not been from for- 
getfulness, but because I have with vain and self-defeating prudence
sought for cheerful words to convey sad thoughts. Paralus breathes
and moves, but is apparently unconscious of existence in this world.
He is silent and abstracted, like one just returned from the cave of
Troponius. Yet beautiful forms are ever with him in infinite va-
riety ; for his quiescent soul has now undisturbed recollection of the
divine archetypes in the ideal world, of which all earthly beauty is 
the shadow.”

" He is happy, then, though living in the midst of death,” an- 
swered Philothea. “ But does his memory retain no traces of his

friends ?”

"One—and one only,” he replied. “The name of Philothea 
was too deeply engraven to be washed away by the waters of obli-
vion. He seldom speaks; but when he does you are ever in his
visions. The sound of a female voice accompanying the lyre is the
only thing that makes him smile; and nothing moves him to tears ;
save the farewell song of Orpheus to Eurydice. In his drawings 
there is more of majesty and beauty than Phydias or Myron ever
conceived; and one figure is always there—the Pythia, the Muse,
the Grace, or something combining all these, more spiritual than
either.”

The special object of Plato's visit is the hearing of a mes-
sage from Pericles. Hippocrates has expressed a hope that
the presence of Philothea may restore, in some measure, 
the health and understanding of Paralus, and the once ambi- 
tious father has sent to beg the maiden’s consent to a union 
with the now deeply afflicted son.	

“ Philothea would not leave me even if I urged it with tears,"
replied Anaxagoras, “and I am forbidden to return to Athens.”

“ Pericles has provided an asylum for you, on the borders of At-
tica,” answered Plato, “and the young people would soon join
you after their marriage. He did not suppose that his former
proud opposition to their loves would be forgotten ; but he said
hearts like yours would forgive it all, the more readily because he
was now a man deprived of power, and his son suffering under a
visitation of the gods. Alcibiades laughed aloud when he heard
of this proposition ; and said his uncle would never think of ma-
king it to any but a maiden who sees the zephyrs run, and hears
the stars sing. He spoke truth in his profane merriment. Peri-
cles knows that she who obediently listens to the inward voice,
will be most likely to seek the happiness of others, forgetful of her
own wrongs.”

“ I do not believe the tender hearted maiden ever cherished re-
sentment against any living thing,” replied Anaxagoras. “She
often reminds me of Hesiod’s description of Leto:

Placid to men and to immortal gods;

Mild from the first beginning of her days;

Gentlest of all in Heaven.

She has indeed been a precious gift to my old age. Simple and
loving as she is, there are times when her looks and words fill me
with awe, as if I stood in the presence of divinity.”

“It is a most lovely union when the Muses and the Gharitioe
inhabit the same temple,” said Plato. “ I think she learned of you
to be a constant worshipper of the innocent and graceful nymphs,
who preside over kind and gentle actions. But tell me, Anaxago-
ras, if this marriage is declined, who will protect the daughter of
Aleimenes when you are gone ?”

The philosopher replied, “ I have a sister, Helidora, the youngest
of my father’s Rock, who is a Priestess of the Sun, at Ephesus.—
Of all my family, she has least despised me for preferring philoso-
phy to gold; and report bespeaks her wise and virtuous. I have ask-
ed and obtained from her a promise to protect Philothea when I am
gone; but I will tell my child the wishes of Pericles, and leave her
to the guidance of her own heart. If she enters the home of Para-
lus, she will be to him, as she has been to me, a bounty like the
sunshine.”

Philothea assents joyfully to the union, although Chry-
sippus, the wealthy prince of Clazomenae, has offered her
his hand. Anaxagoras dies. His grand-daughter, attended
by Plato and some female acquaintances, departs for Athens
and arrives safely in the harbor of Phalerum. No import-
ant change has occurred in Paralus, who still hows a total
unconsciousness of past events. The lovers however, are
united. Many long passages about this portion of the narra-
tive are of a lofty beauty. The dreamy, distraught, yet, un-
embittered existence of the husband, revelling in the visions
of the Platonic philosophy—the anxiety of the father and
his friends—the ardent, the pure and chivalric love, with
the uncompromising devotion and soothing attentions of the
wife—are pictures of which the rare merit will not fail to be
appreciated by all whose opinion Mrs. Child would be likely
to value.

Hippocrates has been informed that Tithonus, the Ethio-
pian, possesses the power of leading the soul from the body,
“by means of a soul dissecting wand,” and the idea arises
that the process may produce a salutary effect upon Paralus.
Tithonus will be present at the Olympian games, and thith-
er the patient is conveyed, under charge of Pericles, Plato,
and his wife. On the route to Corinth, a letter from Philae-
mon, addressed to Anaxagoras, is handed by Artaphernes the
Persian, to Philothea. At the close of this letter the writer
expresses a wish to be informed of Eudora’s fate, and an
earnest hope that she is not beyond the reach of Philothea’s
influence. The travellers finally stop at a small town in the
neighborhood of Olympia, and at the residence of Proclus
and his wife Melissa, “worthy simple-hearted people with
whom Phidias had died, and under whose protection he had
placed his adopted daughter.” The meeting between this
maiden and Philothea is full of interest. The giddy heart of
Eudora is chastened by sorrow. Phidias had designed her
marriage with his nephew Pandoenus—but her first love is not
yet forgotten. A letter is secretly written by Philothea to

344

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL,

Philaemon, acquainting him with the change in Eudora’s
character, and with her unabated affection for himself,—

“ Sometimes,” she writes,“ a stream is polluted at the foun-
tain and its waters are tainted through all its wanderings;
and sometimes the traveller throws into a pure rivulet some
unclean thing which floats awhile and then is rejected from
its bosom. Eudora is the pure rivulet. A foreign stain
floated on its surface, but never mingled with its waters.”

The efforts of Tithonus are inadequate to the effectual re-
lief of Paralus. We quote in full the account of the Ethio-
pian’s attempt. Mrs. Child is here, however, partially in-
debted to a statement by Clearchus, of an operation some-
what similar to that of Tithonus, performed either by the
aid or in the presence of Aristotle. The subject has derived
additional interest of late, from the manner in which it has
been touched by Hare Townshend and Newnham.

The relation of Clearchus mentions a diviner with a spirit
drawing wand and a youth whose soul was thereby taken from
the body, leaving it inanimate. The soul being replaced by
the aid of the magician, the youth enters into a wild account
of what befel him during the trance. The passage in “Philo-
thea” runs thus :—

Tithonus stood behind the invalid and remained perfectly
quiet for many minutes. He then gently touched the back part of
his head with a small wand, and leaning over him, whispered in
his car. An unpleasant change immediately passed over the coun-
tenance of Paralus. He endeavored to place his hand on his head,
and a cold shivering seized him. Philothea shuddered, and Peri-
cles grew pale, as they watched these symptoms; but the silence
remained unbroken. A second and a third time the Ethiopian
touched him with his wand, and spoke in whispers. The expres-
sion of pain deepened; insomuch that his friends could not look
upon him without anguish of heart. Finally his limbs straight-
ened, and became perfectly rigid and motionless.

Tithonus, perceiving the terror he had excited, said soothingly,

" O Athenians, be not afraid. I have never seen the soul with-
drawn without a struggle with the body. Believe me it will re-
turn. The words I whispered, were those I once heard from the
lips of Plato. ‘ The human soul is guided by two horses—one
white with a flowing mane, earnest eye, and wings like a swan,
whereby he seeks to fly ; but the other is black, heavy, and sleepy-

eyed--ever prone to lie down upon the earth.’ The second time I

whispered, ‘ Lo, the soul seeketh to ascend !’ And the third lime
I said, ‘Behold the winged separates from that which has no
wings.’ When life returns, Paralus will have remembrance of
these words.”

“ Oh, restore him ! restore him !” exclaimed Philothea, in tones
of agonised intreaty.

Tithonus answered with respectful tenderness, and again stood
in profound silence several minutes, before he raised the wand.
At the first touch, a feeble shivering gave indication of returning
life. As it was repeated a second and a third lime, with a brief 
interval between each movement, the countenance of the sufferer 
grew more dark and troubled, until it became fearful to look upon.
But the heavy shadow gradually passed away, and a dreamy smile
returned like a gleam of sunshine after storms. The moment
Philothea perceived an expression familiar to her heart, she knelt
by the couch, seized the hand of Paralus, and bathed it with her
tears.

When the first gush of emotion had subsided, she said in a soft,
low voice, “ Where have you been, dear Paralus?” The invalid
answered, “A thick vapor enveloped me, as with a dark cloud;
and a stunning noise pained my head with its violence. A voice
said to me, ‘ The human soul is guided by two horses; one white,
with a flowing mane, earnest eyes, and wings like a swan, whereby
he seeks lo fly; but the other is black, heavy, and sleepy-eyed—
ever prone to lie down upon the earth.’ Then the darkness began
to clear away. But there was strange confusion. All things
seemed rapidly to interchange their colors and their forms—the
sound of a storm was in mine ears—the elements and the stars
seemed to crowd upon me—and my breath was taken away. Then
I heard a voice saying, ‘ Lo, the soul seeketh to ascend !’ And I
looked and saw the chariot and horses, of which the voice again
said, ‘ Behold, the winged separates from that which hath no wings!’
And suddenly the chariot ascended, and I saw the white horse on
light, fleecy clouds, in n far blue sky. Then I heard a pleasing 
silent sound—as if dew-drops made music as they fell. I breathed
freely, and my form seemed to expand itself with buoyant life.
All at once I was floating in the air above a quiet lake, where re-
posed seven beautiful islands, full of the sound of harps; and Phi- 
lothea slept at my side, with a garland on her head. I asked, ‘ Is 

this the divine home whence I departed into the body ?’ And a
voice above my head answered : It is the divine home. Man never
leaves it. He ceases to perceive. Afterward I looked down-
ward, and saw my dead body lying on a couch. Then again there
came strange confusion—and a painful clashing of sounds—and
all things rushing together. But Philothea look my hand and
spoke to me in gentle tones, and the discord ceased.”

The mind of Paralus derives but a temporary benefit from
the skill of Tithonus, and even the attendance of the patient
upon the Olympian games (a suggestion of Pericles) fails of
the desired effect. A partial revival is indeed thus brought
about—but death rapidly ensues. The friends of the de-
ceased return to Athens, accompanied by the adopted daugh-
ter of Phidias. Philothea dies. Not many days after the
funeral ceremonies, Eudora suddenly disappears. Alci-
biades is suspected (justly) of having entrapped her to his
summer residence in Salamis. The pages which follow this
event detail the rescue of the maiden by the ingenuity of
two faithful slaves—the discovery of her father in Artapher-
nes the Persian, whom she accompanies to the court of Ar-
taxerxes—her joyful meeting there and marriage with Phi-
laemon, after refusing the proffered hand of Xerxes him-
self.

In regard to the species of novel of which “ Philothea " is
so fine a specimen, we may say that no powers can render
it, at the present day, popular. Nor is the voice of the peo-
ple, in this respect, to be adduced as any evidence of corrupt-
ed taste. We have little of purely human sympathy in the
distantly antique; and what little we have is weakened by
the necessity for effort in conceiving appropriateness in man-
ners, habits, costume, and modes of thought, so widely at
variance with those around us. The “ Pompeii ” of Bulwer
cannot be considered as altogether belonging to the species,
and fails in popularity only as it does so belong to it. This
justly admired work owes what it possesses of attraction for
the mass, to the stupendousness of its leading event—an
event rendered only the more thrillingly interesting by the
obscurity which years have thrown over its details—to the
skill with which the mind of the reader is prepared for this
event—to the vigor with which it is depicted—and to the
commingling with this event human passions wildly affected
thereby—passions the sternest of our nature and common to
all character and lime. By means so effectual we are
hurried over, and observe not, unless with a critical eye,
those radical defects or difficulties (coincident with the
choice of epoch) of which we have spoken above. The
fine perception of Bulwer endured these difficulties as insep-
arable from the ground-work of his narrative—did not mis-
take them for facilities. The plot of "Philothea,” like that
of the “ Telemachus’’ and of the “ Anarcharsts,” should
be regarded, on the other hand, as merely the vehicle for
the “antique manners, habits and modes of thought” which
are at variance with a popular interest to-day. Regarding
it in this, its only proper light, we are justified in speaking of
the work as an honor to our country, and a triumph for our
country-women.

“ Philothea” might be introduced, with advantage, into
our female academies. Its purity of thought and elevation
of tone are admirably adapted to scholastic purposes. It
would prove an effectual aid in the study of Greek antiquity,
with the spirit of which it is wonderfully imbued. We say
wonderfully—for the authoress disclaims all knowledge of the
classical tongues. There are some points, to be sure, at
which a pedant might cavil—some perversions of the cha-
racter of Pericles—of the philosophy of Anaxagoras—and
there might be found more than one flaw in the arrangement
of Aspasia’s symposium. On the other hand the work af-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

345

fords evidence of an even intimate acquaintance with the
genius of the times, places, and people depicted; and with
the many egregious blunders of so fine a scholar as Barthe-
lemi still fresh in our remembrance, it will never do to find
fault with a few peccadilloes on the part of Mrs. Child. As
a mere narrative, “ Philothea” is, moreover, entitled to high
praise, and its exceeding purity of style should especially re-
commend it to the attention of teachers.

NEW BOOKS, AND NEW EDITIONS.

An Encyclopedia of Domestic Economy, comprising such subjects

as are most immediately connected with house-keeping, &c., &c.--

Illustrated with nearly one thousand wood cuts. To be completed
in twelve numbers at 25 cents. Parts 1, 2, and 3. Harper and Bro-
thers.

This is unquestionably the most comprehensive work on the
subject of Housekeeping, that has ever been undertaken
since the days of Noah, and considering the great number
of its illustrations, and their general excellence, it must be
pronounced the cheapest. The first part is very properly
devoted to architecture, the construction of a house being the
first consideration towards house-keeping. The illustrations
are mainly taken from Gwilt, one of the most reliable sources
for architectural accuracy, with which we have any acquain-
tance. The publishers have very strangely introduced a view
of Trinity church in this part, but for what reason we can-
not possibly divine. There are plenty of domestic buildings
in Downing’s two books, which would have given a much
better idea of an American house than Trinity church. It is
greatly to be regretted that in a work of this importance, a
few pages and a few designs had not been given to American
houses, types of which may be found in great abundance
both in town and country. The view of Wallaton Hall is
given without the central pile, which imparts to that re-
markable building its chief characteristic ; there is enough
given, however, to enable those who have never seen it to
form some idea of its picturesque beauty. The methods of
warming and ventilating houses are peculiarly valuable.
The second part is devoted mainly to artificial illumination,
and the third, which is most profusely illustrated, to furni-
ture, plate, and upholstery. Each part contains more than a
hundred and twenty pages of closely printed matter in clear
type, on handsome paper. Every man, when he takes a wife,
should also procure a copy of this valuable Encyclopaedia.
Harper's Illuminated and Illustrated Shakspeare. Nos. 53, 54.

There are two or three things about this edition of the
great poet especially worthy of commendation, although
there are others, which we shall point out next week, not
to be passed over without reprehension. We particularly
admire the illustrated corn, which is one of the best speci-
men’s of that kind of drawing which any of our publishers
have put forth. The present number contains “As you Like
it,” entire. The illustrations are very beautiful, well con-
ceived, well drawn, and cut with great neatness and preci-
sion. The names of the artists should be given. One of the
points which we particularly admire is the good taste of the
editor in choosing the old and most correct manner of spel-
ling Shakespeare's name.

A Treatise on the Knowledge necessary to Amateurs in Pictures.— 

Translated and abridged from the French of M. Francis Zavier de
Burtin, first stipendiary member of the Royal Academy of Brus-
sels in the class of sciences, &c. By Robert White.

It contains, indeed, so much of that kind of practical in-
formation which amateurs must acquire, either through some
such aid, or through the more tedious path of their own indi-
vidual experience, and at the same time affords to persons of
more matured taste such an insight into the state of con-
noisseurship on the continent, that it is to be wondered that

no one has, until now, endeavored to make it more generally
acceptable by means of an English version. Although Mr.
Burtin’s work, which was published in 1808, at Brussels,
cannot now be considered as new, and makes no pretension
to the character of a profound disquisition on the art of
paintings, yet no publication of a previous or later date, ad-
dressed itself so directly to the wants and wishes of ama-
teurs, or supplies so compendious a general view of the sub-
ject of which it treats.

This little volume contains plates after the following
paintings.

I.	Cupid Shaping his Bow.—From Correggio or Parme-
giano.

II.	The Adoration of the Shepherds.—From Poelemburg.

III.	Fruit Piece.—From Ean Oelst.

IV.	Village Festival.—From Teniers:

The principal subjects of the Treatise are as follows.

Of the qualities which are required to make a good pic-
ture. How to judge pictures. How to judge whether a
picture is in good preservation or not. How to know and
appreciate copies. Of the manner of analyzing and describ-
ing pictures. Of the general schools of painting. On the
causes of the characteristics which distinguish the different
schools from each other. Of the classification of pictures
according to their subjects. On the causes of the superiority
of the l6th and 17th centuries over those of the present
century. Of the different methods of cleaning pictures and
of restoring them. On the public galleries of Paris, Vienna,
Dresden, Duseldorf and Munich.

The Mysteries of Berlin, from the papers of a Berlin Criminal officer.

Translated from the German by C.B. Burkhardt, with illustrations

on Steel by P. Habelmann. Part 1st., price 12 1-2 cts. New-York.

William H. Colyer. I845.

This serial is much better printed and illustrated than the
great majority of similarly published works. We must read
more than the first number before we can form any opinion
of the Berlin mysteries, but they seem to have fallen into
suitable hands to present them to English readers.

Wyoming.—A Tale.—No. 50 of Harper’s Library of Select Novels, pp

124, price 25 cts.

Wyoming is said to be the production of a lady, and it
certainly contains nothing to indicate that it is from the pen
of a man. It is modelled after the Cooper-James school,
and, as its name seems to promise, relates the adventures of
the early settlers of northern Pennsylvania in ante-revoiution-
ary times.

The Pictorial History of the World, by John Frost, LLD. Nos.
1,2,3, 4. Walker and Gillis. Philadelphia.

This is among the very best of the numerous illustrated
books that are daily issuing from our press ; the cuts, with
but few exceptions, are admirably executed from designs
selected with great taste and judgment. Our only regret in
respect to them is that they are not original drawings, but
 their intrinsic value is not a whit diminished by their being
copied from other works which are not accessible to the
masses.

Table-talk, by William Hazlitt, part 2d, and talcs from the Gesta
Romanorum, or nights with the old story tellers. Nos. 9 and 10 of
Wiley and Putman’s Library of choice reading.

The table talk is better known to our reading public than
the Gesta Romanorum, but both books will be alike accep-
table to those who will form their first acquaintance with
them in the form that they are here presented in. It would
be difficult to find pleasanter or better reading for a summer

346

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

afternoon. We have extracted a short story from the Gesta
Romanorum in another part of our journal.

The Battle of the Factions, and other tales of Ireland, by William
Carleton, with engravings. Price 25 cts. Philadelphia. Carey &
Hart.

The author of these stories enjoys a better reputation in
his own country than in ours, while the case with Lever,
and Maxwell, is reversed. The reason is that Carleton is
more true to nature than the other Irish Romancists; and from
a similar cause, Sam Slick was infinitely more popular in
England than in America.

Harper’s Pictorial Bible. No. 27.

The present number is, in every respect, a fitting com-
panion to those that have gone before it. In some of the lit-
tle vignettes we perceive, or at least think that we do, the
hand of a new cutter. The illustrations of the 14th and 19th
chapters of Isaiah, are exceedingly neat and spirited.

Dashes at Life with a free pencil, by N. P. Willis. Part 1st. High
Life in Europe and American Life. New-York. Published by J.
S. Redford.

The Blind Girl, with other tales, by Emma C. Embury. Harper &
Brothers. A new and neat Edition of some of Mrs. Embury’s most
popular stories.

Philothea, a Grecian Romance, by L. Maria Child. A new correct-

ed edition. C. L. Francis & Co. 252 Broadway.

Night and Morning, by Sir E. L. Bulwer, 2 Vols. in one. No. 10 of
Harper’s Pocket Edition of Select Novels.

No Cross, No Crown, a discourse showing the nature and discipline
of the Holy Cross of Christ, &c. &c., to which are added the living
and dying testimonies of many persons of fame and learning, both of
ancient and modern times, in favor of this treatise, in two parts.
By William Penn. New-York. Collins, Brothers, & Co. 1845.

THE MAGAZINES.

The only Magazine of the better class which has reached
us, for June, is the Knickerbocker, which has an unusually
good table of contents. It contains a long and well-written
criticism on the young English poetry, from the pen of Mr.
Bristed, a grandson of John Jacob Astor’s, of whose scholar-
ship we have often heard most extravagant reports. The
Knickerbocker also contains an original poem by Tennyson,
which the editor received from the same gentleman.

The Blackwood for May has been issued by Leonard Scott
& Co., Fulton street.

MUSICAL REVIEW.

The Glee Club Companion, containing a selection of Glees, Catches,
Trios and Duetts, from the best English composers. Published by
F. Riley, 297 Broadway, N. Y.

We have had occasion to remark several times the
increasing love for vocal part-music among the young men
of this city ; we do so again and with sincere satisfaction,
for a taste formed by the practice of good compositions is
sure to be well grounded, and is almost certain to lead to a
fine perception of the beautiful in every class of music. The
popularity which several of the Amateur Glee Clubs have
gained in the best classes of society in this city and in Brook-
lyn, cannot fail, by arousing emulation, to give a powerful
impetus to the tide which is now setting in the right way. 
Glee Books of any worth are very scarce, not more than
one or two collections, and these but limited, being publish-
ed. The market is, to be sure, positively glutted with mise- 
rably printed, inconvenient, namby pamby, trashy “collec-
tions,” which no teacher of any knowledge or taste, would
recommend to his pupils for practice. The collections of
German Glees published in this city, contain a large amount

of exquisite music by the first writers of Germany. The en-
terprize in producing such works is truly praiseworthy.
There are two German collections ; one published in very
excellent style by F. P. Dyer, Hudson st.; the other we have
not seen. But, beautiful as these glees are, a constant prac-
tice of them will be sure to induce a hard, constrained, and
mechanical method of singing. They are charming in mel-
ody and rich in harmony, but they are, for the most part,

simply harmonized airs.

Not so the glees before us. These are not inferior to the
German glees either in melody or in harmony, while as com-
positions they rank far above them. In fact the English
Glees form a school of music entirely peculiar to England :
no other nation possesses the same class of music, or if they
do, only in an inferior degree. The English Glees are gene-
rally found to consist of two, three, or more movements, all
carrying out one clear and broad design, and they are dis-
tinguished by the beautiful simplicity of their melody, the
richness and clearness of their harmony, and the freedom
and vigor of their counterpoint. There cannot be found any
compositions more beautiful, in the whole range of vocal
music, than many of the four and five-voiced glees by Web-
ber, Horsly, Calcott, Mornington, Bishop, &c. &c. Besides,

the class of glees now under notice does not require such an
incessant strain upon the extreme parts—1st tenor and 2d
bass—as is the case with the German Glees; they are in
fact more truly vocal.

There are many beautiful glees in Riley’s collection, such
as “Here in cool Grot and Mossy Cell,” “Peace to the
Souls of the Heroes,” “O ! happy Fair your Eves are Load-
stars,” “ The Friars,” &c. &c.; beside some capital duetts,

catches, and rounds. We can recommend the Glee Club
Companion to all our glee singing friends, as a work select,
if not extensive; well got up, and very cheap.

MUSICAL ITEMS.

We are positively to have a French Opera at the Park in a
few weeks. Its success will be, we feel assured, quite com-
plete. The company is stronger than any we have seen here,
and comprises both beauty and talent. The school of music
too, is, to our taste, much, very much superior to the modern
Italian music so hackneyed now on every hand. We shall
be glad to find it better known and appreciated by the public.

That most delightful of all summer resorts, Niblo’s Gar-
den, opens next Monday. There will be an English Vaude-
ville Company in addition to the attractions of the locality.
We have not heard anything positive respecting the engage-
ments made, but we presume as Mr. Chippendale is the man-
ager, he will gather around him a strong and attractive com-
pany. We shall be glad to see the place thronged as it al-
ways has been with the beauty and the fashion of the city.

The season at Castle Garden can scarcely be said to have
begun, for the weather has been so wretchedly unpropitious
since it opened, that the attractions of that lovely spot have
not as yet been fairly tested.

It is understood that the Italians are engaged to appear,
with a whole host of novelties of an attractive nature. All
those who really enjoy music, society, pure air and lovely
scenery, should visit Castle Garden often.

Madl’le Borghese, it is said, will be on here this summer
her intention of visiting Mexico having been abandoned in
consequence of not being able to form a full company. It is
more than probable that Mr. Krev’s Opera, if successful in
Philadelphia, will be produced here within a short time.

We hear of a Concert, upon a grand scale, to be given ve-
ry shortly. The performance will consist of a Sacred Drama,
never before given in this city. The composer is Carl Lowe,
and the music is of a high order and so full of melody that its
popularity is certain. The best talent of the City will be

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

347

engaged, the chorus will not only be large but efficient, and 
every thing will be conducted on a scale of liberality which
cannot fail to meet with public approbation and support.—
We shall be able to speak more positively in our next
number.

TO LENORE.

Oh ! fragile and fair as the delicate chalices,
Wrought with so rare and so subtle a skill,
Bright relics, that tell of the pomp of those palaces
Venice—the sea-goddess—glories in still!

Their exquisite texture, transparent and tender,

A pure blush alone from the ruby vine takes:
Yet ah! if some false hand, profaning its splendor,
Dares but to taint it with poison,—it breaks!

So when Love poured thro thy pure heart his lightning,

On thy pale cheek, the soft rose-hues awoke;—

So when wild Passion, that timid heart frightening,
Poisoned the treasure,—it trembled and broke !

CLARICE.

DELIGHTFUL SIGHTS.

New-York can boast of more charming pictures, tableaux
vivants, than any other city in the world. The assertion is a
very broad one, but we believe that nobody who has been
over the world, will deny its truth. Since the season has fair-
ly become sunny and natural, and the streets intolerably dusty,
and uncomfortable, the most delightful sights are to be seen
on the water. The Bay has been unusually lively during the
past week. A few days since as we were crossing one of the
lower ferries, our eyes lighted upon the most showy tableaux
of sea-grouping that they had ever been gladdened by. On one
hand lay the majestic three-decker North Carolina, the beau-
tiful Sicilian frigate, a revenue Cutter, and a host of smaller
craft; and on the other side were the stately Columbus, the
corvette Vincennes, and a crowd of East river sloops, inter-
mingled with a Liverpool packet and a dozen small steam-
ers ; the large Sound-boats, Narragansett, Rhode-Island, and
Worcester, came plunging their vast white bodies with
a multitude of human beings on their upper decks, and
setting everything afloat in commotion by the waves raised
by their huge paddles. A tow-boat from Philadelphia with
a long string of barges in her wake, and another from Al-
bany, looking like a floating village, came along at the same
moment, and filled up the picture, when suddenly there dart-
ed out from among the apparently inextricable mass of float-
ing worlds, a little fairy looking yacht, with “ Ospray” em-
blazoned on her stern, and with sails that sat like a new
coat on a dandy. The wind was brisk and for a moment
appearances threatened a general crash, but there proved to be
sea room enough, and each bark went on its way rejoicing,
throwing the spray like snow-drifts all over the broad Bay.

There is always something to be seen worth a walk down
to the Battery, besides the new Opera House. The corpora-
tion owe it to the inhabitants of the city to introduce two or
three fountains into the Battery, and then it would be with-
out a rival in the world. The Park is always pleasant, tho’
just now dusty ; one day this week, with all its green trees,
and fountain and sun shine, it looked sad enough; a poor
gentleman, weary of the world, selected this spot to blow out
his brains in. Crossing over from Broadway to Chatham
street, in the rear of the Hall, we heard the report of a pis-
tol, and, turning our head, saw at a few paces off, a
well-dressed man fall to the ground. The poor man's name
was Wilson, his profession was the law, and pecuniary trou-
ble is said to have caused the deed.











NATIVE TALENT VS. FOREIGN TALENT.

The following observances apply with so much force to
the violent and exclusive principle, which has been so broad-
ly laid down, in reference to “American Artists,” “Ameri-
can Poets,” “American Native talent,” &c. that we can with
great propriety give them a place in our columns. They
are selected from an European, continental journal. The
origin however, of the article we have nothing to do with—
it is the truth and the force of the remarks to which we claim
attention. We assume that taste and talent, in music, in
paintings, in writing, &c. whatever be their origin or birth-
place, belongs to the whole world. We can rarely listen to a
speech in congress, to a lecture upon any subject, by an Amer-
ican, or read any American work upon the Arts, in which we
do not find a laboured effort to show forth the vast strength
and beauty of Native American talent. It is in bad taste, and
about as appropriate, as if a comely youth possessing nature’s
finest personal graces were to stand in Broadway and lay
claim to the admiration of all passers by, in order to distin-
guish him from the vulgar or less prepossessing multitude.

These observations apply especially lo the literature of
our country, and perhaps with as much justice to the works
of art.

From a Hamburgh paper, respecting an Architectural
competition we copy the following:

“Is it true patriotism to prefer the design of a native artist,
excellent though it be, when confessedly less corres-
pondent than that of another, to the true genius of German
architecture? The English are not thus limited in their
views. It is well known that M. de Chateauneauf received
one of the prizes in the competition for the new London Ex-
change. It is a spurious patriotism that would give to our
whole city a church of an inferior design, merely that we
might bestow our patronage (?) on one of its inhabitants.—
The love of our country, the love of German art in its most
sublime and most significant sense, speaks most unquestion-
ably for the design of the English architect, who, deriving his
inspiration from the genius of Germany, has entered with
love into his work, and given us what pre-eminently belongs
to us—the purest Gothic form—the national architecture of
our father-land. Let us away then with the petty patronage,
that has no fellowship with the beautiful, but to envy it.—
Follow, rather, the better example.”



LITERARY GOSSIP.

THOMAS HOOD.

“It is the heaviest stone melancholy can throw at a man,” says
old Fuller, “ to tell him that he is at the end of his being; a truth,
which excellent, witty, stout-hearted Thomas Hood has been rather
playing with as a football or shuttlecock any time these ten years
than receiving as so gloomy a missive. But alas, the time for skir-
mishing with so severe au antagonist, seems welll nigh over, and
Hood, with the certainty of immediate death before him, is receiving
from friends and the press, those honors which are too often withheld
for posterity and the “ dull cold ear.” A late number of the maga-
zine which be has just established, announces his approaching disso-
lution, and commends him as a very great author. His merits will
appear to us the greater when the light is withdrawn and we sit in
darkness. A writer starts up to amuse and enlighten us through the
press—day after day, month after month, he pours out an unceasing
flow of jests, and sentiment, and wisdom ; we take the gift, and never
look for the giver : it seems a matter of course that the morning paper
should be wise and witty, just as the morning sun is expected to shine.
But little reputation is formed in this benevolent and beneficial way.
But let a pompous author time his appearance with a due attention to
self and his own want of power, and come forward in au octavo, we
hail the man. We are willing to praise the one, but we cannot live
without the other. This is the difference, but the honor should be
more wisely distributed.

348

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

How Hood has borne up against the inroads of a long disease, the
consumption, let him tell us himself in a passage of his mirthful phi-
losophy written in 1839—the very fingers so aristocratically slender,
that now hold the pen, hint plainly of the ‘ills that flesh is heir
to;’ my coats have become great-coats, my pantaloons have been
turned into trowsers, and, by a worse bargain than Peter Schlemihl’s
I seem to have retained my shadow and sold my substance. In short,
as happens to prematurely old port wine, I am of a bad color with
very little body. But what then ? That emaciated hand still lends a
hand to embody words, and sketches the creations and recreations of a
Merry Faney: those gaunt sides yet shake heartily as ever at the
Grotesques and Arabesques, and dull Picturesques that my Good Ge-
nius (a Pantagruelian familiar) charitably conjures up to divert me
from more sombre realities. *	*	*	* The raven croaked,

but I persuaded myself that it was the nightingale : there was the
smell of the mould, but I remembered that it nourished the violets.”
There was faith and a sound heart there. It was not for nothing.
Since that day Hood has written some of his best verses, his quaintest
stories are his most philanthropic appeals. English readers and En-
glish hearts will not soon forget them. If Hood revives once more,
he will be a sacred man while he lives. The sympathy of the good is
with him. We trust we are violating no courtesy of private life while
we quote from a letter received by the last steamer, from a source
which adds pathos to every line, if that were necessary :

" Poor Hood is dying—in a state of perfect preparation and compo-
sure, among the tears of his friends. His disease has been consump-
tion—is, in fact—but the crisis is combined with water on the chest,
which is expected to bring death. To a friend who asked him the
other morning how it was with him, he answered with a characteristic
playful pathos, “ The tide is rising—and I shall soon he in port.” It
is said of him, that he has no regrets for life, except for the unborn
works which he feels striving impotently in his dying brain—a species
of regret which is peculiarly affecting to me, as it must be to all who
understand it: also it is plain to me that he has genius greater than
anything he has produced—and if this is plain and sad to us, how
profoundly melancholy it must be to him. The only comfort is that
the end of development is not here. Sir Robert Peel wrote a long let-
ter to him lately in a tone of respect and consideration, which was
honorable to the minister, and relieved him from becoming anxiety
by attaching his pension to the life of his wife rather than to bis own.
Poor Hood and poor Sydney Smith ! How we are losing our Yoricks !

' all dumb’—‘ all gone !’ ”

The Author or Eotheh.—The correspondent of the Knicker-
bocker in Constantinople, says that Eothen gives the best description
of Constantinople of any book of travels that have been published, and
that the author’s name is White.

An American gentleman who has lately returned from Europe,
brings with him the following anecdote of Tennyson. At a German
inn he met with an Englishman remarkable in a three-fold manner;
for his appearance, which was interesting and striking—for his con-
versation, which was markedly peculiar—and for his hat, which, for
the length of time it had been ignorant of a nap, might have balanced
the seven sleepers in the economy of nature. One day the two stran-
gers were put into the same vehicle to visit a ruin or a waterfall, and, 
then, for the first time, the Englishman discovered that his companion 
was an American. Upon learning this, he drew a note book from his
pocket, and taking from it a copy in MS. of “ Tennyson’s Mariana in
the Moated Grange,” asked the American if he had ever seen it.
“ Certainly,” was the reply ; “ I am very familiar with it.” “ But is
Tennyson much esteemed in America ?” “ He is admired by all whose
admiration is an honor.” “ Is he ?” exclaimed the Englishman, with
boyish delight glowing from his face, “ Why, I ’m Tennyson !”

The anecdote is highly characteristic of Tennyson ; he appears to
be in the habit of showing his poems in manuscript to his acquaintan-
ces. The last number of the Knickerbocker contains a poem which an
American gentleman in England obtained from him in this manner.
As it has never appeared before in print, we copy it for its novelty.
MY EARLY LOVE.

Oh that it were possible.

After long years of pain,

To find the arms of my true love
Around me once again !

When I was wont to meet her
In the silent woody places
Of the land that gave us birth,

We stood tranced in long embraces,

Mixed with kisses sweeter, sweeter
Than any thing on earth !

A shadow flits before me.

Not thou, but like to thee
Oh, Christ ! that it were possible,

For one short hour, to see
The souls we love, that they might tell us
What and where they be !
It leads me forth at evening.

And lightly winds and steals
In a cold white robe before me,

When all my spirit reels
At the shouts, the leagues of light,

The roaring of the wheels !

Half the night I waste in sighs,

Half in dreams I sorrow alter
The hand, the lip, the eyes,

The winsome laughter;

And I hear the pleasant ditty
That I heard her chaunt of old ;

But I wake—my dream is fled !

Without knowledge, without pity,

In the shuddering gray behold,

By the curtains of my bed,

That dreadful phantom cold.

Pass, thou death-like type of pain !
Pass, and cease to move about :
'Tis the blot upon the brain,

That will show itself without.

Now I rise ; the eave-drops fall,

And the yellow vapors choke
The great city sounding wide ;

Day comes ; a dull red ball
In a drift of lurid smoke,

O’er the misty river tide.

Through the hubbub of the market
I steal a wasted frame ;

It crosseth here, it crosseth there,

Through all that crowd confused and loud,
That shadow still the some;

And on my heavy eyelids
My anguish hangs like shame.

Alas ! for her that met me,

That heard me softly call,

Came glimmering through the laurels,

At the quiet evening full,

In the garden by the terrace
Of the old memorial hall.

The broad light glares and heats,

And the sunk eve flits and fleets,

And will not let me be ;

I loathe the squares and streets,

And the faces that one meets,

Hearts with no love for me ;

Only I long to creep
To some still cavern deep,

And weep, and weep, and weep
My whole soul out to thee .'

M ISCELLANEA.

Anastatic Printing.—We extract the following inter-
esting particulars in regard to Anastatic Printing, from Ap-
pleton’s Literary Bulletin.

On the 25th ult., I attended a Lecture at the Royal Institution,
by Prof. Faraday, on the Philosophy of the Anastatic Process of
Printing, in which all the details of the practice were explained
and exhibited. The principle rests on some of the properties of the
articles employed: “as water attracts water, oil oil, though they
mutually repel each other. Metals are much more easily welted
with oil than with water; but they may readily be moistened by a
weak solution of gum, and still more when a portion of phos-
phoric acid is added.” (The lecturer here alluded to some re-
markable investigations recently made on these phenomena, by
Prof. Henry, of Princeton, N.J.) To these properties of oil,
water, and the metals, may be added, as one of the principles of
the Anastatic Process, the readiness with which part of the ink
of any newly printed book, &c., can be transferred by pressure to
any smooth surface, an effect well known to bookbinders. The
subject to be copied is first moistened with diluted nitric acid, the
superfluous moisture pressed out between folds of bibulous paper,
and then pressed with sufficient force in a rolling press on a
sheet of clean polished zinc. The acid etches the metal, and the
printed portion is left slightly in relief. The principles above
stated are now brought into operation. The zinc plate is washed
with a weak solution of gum and phosphatic acid, by which the
etched surface is completely welled, while that portion to which
the ink has adhered remains perfectly dry. An inked roller is now
passed over the surface, inking only those parts untouched by the
water ; the strung repulsion between the oily and watery surfaces
preserves the design in the clearest manner. In this condition of
the plate impressions can be taken in the same manner as from

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

349

lithographic stone, nnd as many as three thousand impressions
have been when without any deterioration being apparent. Should,
however, the impressions yielded prove deficient in clearness, it is
only necessary to wash the zinc plate with turpentine, when it is
immediately restored to its pristine condition. Old books, in which
the ink has become hardened, are first soaked in a solution of pot-
ass, and then of tartaric acid, producing the bitartrate of potass;
this permeating the texture of the paper, resists oil, and the ink-
roller passed over its surface, the ink only adheres to the printed
parts. The tartrate is then washed out, and the copy proceeded
with as before, commencing with the nitric acid.

We made an announcement a few months back of a vol-
ume in preparation, by the American Ethnological Society;
from the following intelligence in the Bulletin, it appears to
be nearly ready for publication.

The American Ethnological Society, of which the Hon. Albert
Gallatin is President, will publish in a few days the first volume
of its “ Transactions,” in one large octavo volume. This work
will consist of articles by members of the Society, relating to vari-
ous topics of interest to the Antiquary and Philologist. The first
article, filling more than half the volume, is by the venerable Presi-
dent of the Society, on Ancient Mexico, its History, Chronology,
Language, Civilization, &c., including an analysis of Lord Kings-
borough’s great work. Mr. Schoolcraft has “an Essay on the
Grave Creek mound of Virginia.” Mr. Turner a “Dissertation
on the Himyaritic Inscriptions lately discovered in Southern
Arabia,” together with notices of the Ancient Hamyatites. Mr.
Catherwood has an article giving an account of his visit to the site
of ancient Carthage, with a particular account of the Lybia-
Phoenician Monument at Dugga. The volume will contain nu-
merous engravings, price $2 50. Copies may be obtained through
D. Appleton & Co.

Piano Fortes.—We mentioned a week or two since, a
very fine toned and mahogany cased piano, made by J. H.
Chambers, 385 Broadway. We spoke of it in terms of strong
praise, because it deserved it in every way, and we refer to
it now simply to inform those who are in want of a piano, that
Mr. Chambers has now in his store a fac-simile of the very
instrument we then praised. It is worth calling at the store
if only to see its form and hear its tone.

The Last Piece, or the Le Morceau Honteux.—A public
story-teller related an anecdote of two or three persons being in
company where a simple piece of cake had long defied all ap-
proach, from the circumstance of its being the last piece in the
dish. It so happened, however, that the candle was accidentally
extinguished, when each of the party immediately encountered the
hand of his neighbor on the devoted morsel.

The editorof the Knickerbocker announces in his “ Editor’s Table”
a volume, which, in its externals, will be all that could be desired, to
be entitled “ Old Knick’s Sketch Book, or the Omissions and Com
missions, Fore-thoughts and after-thoughts, of the last fifteen years
to be published by Burgess, Stringer & Co. We have no very clear
idea of what the work will be, but should infer from the title that it
will be made up from the amusing contents of the “ Editor’s Table.”

Douglas Gerold’s idea or Conservatives.—There’s a sort of peo-
ple in the world that can’t bear making any progress. I wonder they
ever walk, unless they walk backwards ! I wonder they don’t refuse
to go out when there’s a new moon—and all out of love and respect for
that “ ancient institution,” the old one. But there always were such
people, and always will be. When lucifers first came in, how many
old women, staunch old souls—many of them worthy to be members
of parliament—stood by their matches and tinder boxes, and cried out
“ no surrender!" And how many of these old women—disguised in
small attire—every day go about at public meetings, professing to be
ready to die for any tinder-box question that may come up! Yes,
ready, quite ready to die for it; all the readier, perhaps, because dy-
ing for any thing of the sort’s gone out of fashion.”

Births, Deaths, and MaRriages.—Within the past three
weeks the New Wordl weekly paper has died, the Plebeian, daily,
has been married to the Morning News, and the Alleghanian,
weekly, has been born. The first of these journals was an admi-
rable paper from the beginning, the only bad thing about it was

its name, which was very good per se. as Captain Tyler says, but
quite inapplicable, the contents of the paper being mainly extract-
ed from the Old World ; the cause of its untimely departure from
this sorrowing world we have never learned. The newly bom
“ Alleghenian " has a very pleasant appearance, and we hope will
live to bless the day that gave it birth.

The death (we beg the printer not to make this word rend
dearth) of newspapers is a subject full of matter for an article, and
we intend to enlarge upon it by and by, after we have collected a
sufficient amount of statistics. All men are born to die, but some
newspapers seem born for immortality, they live in an atmosphere
of eternal sun-shine and prosperity; while others, like young
cauliflowers and other tender vegetables, are nipped by the frost
in the first year of their existence.

The Consequerces or Curtailment.—A London paper contains

the following: “Messrs Chalcn, Stanfield, Leslie, Ceristail, Stump
and Ward, have left in the ship Victoria for New York,it is under-
stood, to paint the Hall of Congress of the United States. There were
a large number of persons to see them off. They left on the 20th.”

The indignation this called forth was particularly frightful—the
loss of the whole region of Oregon, on both sides of the Columbia
river, was as nothing compared to the insult thus offered by Congress
to American artists. We met with the paragraph in the course of
our porings over foreign files, and really it excited neither alarm or as-
tonishment, because we happened to read to the end. The paragraph
concluded thus, and clearly proved the joke—“ and returned the same
evening to London, having gone no further than Gravesend.”

The “ Dashes at Life ” by Mr. Willis were received at so
late a period, that we have been unable to do more than an-
nounce it. We shall, of course, speak of it very fully hereafter.

Our opinion of Mr. Willis is well known.

The beautiful “Unseen River,” published in this week’s Jour-
nal, is the composition of Henry B. Hirst. We extract it, by
permission, from a volume of forthcoming poems.

—

The Largest Letter in the World.—Mr. John R. Peters,
junr., who accompanied the American Embassy to China, strived
this morning in the ship Bazaar, and informs us that the Emperor
of the Celestial dominions has written a letter, in the Chinese and
Mantchon languages, to the President of the United States, which is
six feet long by three feet wide ! Mr. Peters saw the letter. It
is written on yellow paper, enclosed in a yellow silk case, and is
now in the hands of Dr Parker for translation. It is expected that
it will be sent home in the next ship.

No one can imagine what gratification we feel in communicating
this intelligence to the President, that functionary having hereto-
fore borne away the palm for long messages. Though we have
“ licked the Britishers, who licked the world,” it is not improba-
ble that the Emperor of China has “licked” us by out-presidenting
the President. At any rate Mr. Polk will have this consolation—
the reading of the document and the necessary reflection thereupon,
will be a task weighty enough to excuse his being “ at home,” to
those who still pester him about office. By the way might he not,
with great propriety, create a new office—that of reader of the
Emperor of China’s letters ? Verily it would bo no sinecure.

But this long epistle is not the only great thing emanating from
the empire of China. Mr. Peters has brought home the largest col-
lection of Chinese curiosities yet made, exceeding, we are told,
even that made by the late Mr. Dunn. We are not informed
whether any measures will be taken to gratify the curiosity which
this information will excite.

Pippin.—This word is derived, by Dr. Johnson, from puppynghe
[Dutch]; but it is surely more reasonable to suppose it, with other
etymologists, from Pepin, the king of the country from whence
the fruit is derived ; as " filberd," from Philibert of Franee ; while
the “ rennett ” apple is la reinette, or the “little queen;" as the
“ geniting” is from Janeton, or Jeannetin, in honor of some queen
or lady of that name. The “ Bigoroon " cherry is so called from
 "Bigorre, the French province where it is grown; as the original
word “ cherry ” is from Cerasus, in Asia Minor; while “may
duke” cherry derives its name from Medoc, in Burgundy. The
brown “ bury ’’ pear is so named from its buttered or melting qual-
ity [beurre]; the ‘“Colmor” pear is from Colmar, in Alsace; and
the “ Cnisse-madame " pear, from its figure. The “ arline ” is 
corruption from Orleans; the “ currant ” is the grape of Corinth;
and the “ damson ” [properly damascene] is the plum of Da-
mascus. Menage considers “ melon ” as a large apple, and derives

350

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

t from the Latin and Greek. If esculent vegetables may be no-
ticed, the “ Jerusalem artichoke" is a curious instance of the corrup-
tion of language, it being the sunflower artichoke, or girasole, [the
plant turning to the sun,] “ Jerusalem ” being thus corrupted from
girasole. Not less remarkable is “ John Dory ” [the fish] as a
corruption of il janitore, or, 'the door-keeper for that fish being
called, on the Italian coast, by the name of St. Peter, and he being
supposed to be the door-keeper of heaven, and therefore called il
janitore by our sailors, we thus derived the term of John Dory.

THE WHIPPOORWILL.

Sleep, sleep ! be thine the sleeep that throws
Elysium o’er the soul’s repose,

Without a dream, save such as wind
Like midnight angels, through the mind ;

While I am watching on the hill
I, and the wailing whippoorwill.

Oh whippoorwill, oh whippoorwill!

Sleep, sleep! and once again I’11 tell
The oft pronounced yet vain farewell:

Such should his word, oh maiden, be
Who lifts the fated eye to thee ;

Such should it be, before the chain
That wraps his spirit, binds his brain.

Oh whippoorwill, oh whippoorwill!

Sleep, sleep ! the ship hath left the shore,

The steed awaits his lord no more ;

His lord still madly lingers by,

The fatal maid he cannot fly—

And thirds the wood, and climbs the hill——

He and the wailing whippoorwill.

Oh whippoorwill, oh whippoorwill!

Sleep, sleep ! the morrow hastens on ;

Then shall the wailing slave be gone,

Flitting the hill-top fur for fear
The sounds of joy may reach his ear;

The sounds of joy !—the hollow knell
Pealed from the mocking chapel bell.

Oh whippoorwill, oh whippoorwill!

W. GILMORE SIMMS.

NEW AMERICAN PUBLICATIONS.

Brougham, Lord. Instinct together with Fossil Osteology,by Cuvier, 18mo.
Bolies, William. Explanatory and Phonographic Dictionary of the English
Language, large 8vo.

Copland, Dr. Dictionary of Medicine, Nos. 6 and 7.

Cunningham. Capt. Recollections of Service in China.

Evarts, Jeremiah. Memoir of, by E. C. Tracy. 8vo.

Everest, Rev. C. W. The Snow Drop. Miniature vol.

Everest. C. W. The Vision of Death and other Poems.

Farnham, Thos. J. Hi dory of the Oregon Territory.

Hitchcock, Prof. Elements of Geology, new edition, 12mo.

Ireland. Impressions of Ireland and the Irish.

Knickerbocker Sketch Book, edited by L. G. Clark.

Kidder, Danl. P. Sketches of Residence and Travel in Brazil. 2 vols 12mo.
Lardner, Dr. Popular Lectures on Science and Art, Nos. 1 and 2.

Lincoln, Mrs. Lectures on Botany, new edition.

Marshall, I. T. Farmer’s and Emigrant’s Hand Book. 12mo. plates, $1 00

Cheap edition, paper cover 63c.

McElligott, James, Manual of Orthography and Definition, 12mo.
McCullough, Rev. J. W. The Dead in Christ, I8mo.

Mackey, Albert G. Lexicon of Freemasonry, 12mo.

Pickering, Ellen. The Secret Foe, a novel.

Plato against the Atheists, with Critical Notes. by Prof. Taylor Lewis, 12mo.
Ricord, Dr. On Syphilis, translated by Dr. Doane, new edition.

Ranke, Prof. History of the Popes, new cheap edition, 8vo., cloth.
Stevenson, Rev. John. Christ on the Cross, an Exposition of the 22d
Psalm, l2mo.

Wagner, Dr. Comparative Anatomy of Vertebrated Animals, 8vo.

De Kohan, or the Court Conspirator. From the French of Eugene Sue.
(Two Editions: one by Harper & Brothers, and the other by Mr. Winches-
ter of the " New World” press

Encyclopedia of Domestic Economy, No. 4. To be completed in about 12
numbers.	

Fleetwood, or the Stain of Birth, a novel of American Life. By the author

of “ Philip in Search of a Wife."
Eveline Neville. By a Lady of the North.

The Eastern Belle, or the Betrayed One; a Tale of Boston and Bangor.

An Order of Family Prayer for every day in the week and for Holy Days
and Seasons of the Church. By the Rev. J. W. Wainwright, D. D.

Lee & Blanchard have published vol. 2d of their cheap edition of Capt. Wil-
okes’ Narrative of the Exploring Expedition.

Historical Collections of Virginia; by Henry Howe. One vol. pp. 544, with
a map and 100 illustrations. Published at Charleston, S. C., by Babcock & co.

Notice to correspondents.--The communication of "H.C.L." 

will appear next week.

SMITH’S WEEKLY VOLUME,

A SELECT CIRCULATING LIBRARY BY THE

Original Editor of Waslie’s Library. This popular periodical is regu-
larly revived at the office of the Broadway Journal. Terms $4 per annum,
single numbers 8 cts.	JOHN BISCO, Publisher,

133 Nassau, st., Clinton Hall.

WILL BE PUBLISHED,

On Saturday,

THE PROGRESS OF PASSION;

A Poem; in Four Books. By Rev. Henry W. Swerber, A. M.

C. SHEPARD, Publisher,

101 Broadway, opposite John St.

82 Cliff-street, May, 1845.

MESSRS. HARPER AND BROTHERS HAVE

	In Press, among others, the following

IMPORTANT NEW WORKS.

1.	—MEMOIRS OF CELEBRATED STATESMEN OF THE ENG-
LISH COMMONWEALTH. By John Forster. Edited by Rev.
J. O. Choules, A. M.

2.	—THE CONSTITUTIONAL HISTORY OF ENGLAND, from the
Accession of Henry VII. to the Death of George II. By Henry
Hallam.

3.	—THE FARMER’S DICTIONARY. By D. P. Gardner, M. D.

4.	—NEW GREEK AND ENGLISH LEXICON, Including Liddell
and Scott’s enlarged Translation of Passow’s Greek and German
Lexicon Under the Supervision of Henry Drisler, A. M.

5.	—A PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES.

6.	—MACKENZIE’S LIFE OF PAUL JONES. New Edition.

7.	—A TREATISE ON DOMESTIC ECONOMY. By Catherine E.
Beecher.

8.	—THE DUTY OF AMERICAN WOMEN TO THEIR COUNTRY.
By the same Author.

9.	—THE AMERICAN HOUSEKEEPER’S RECEIPT BOOK. By
the same Author.

10.	—THE TRAVELS OF MARCO POLO. With Notes. By Hugh
Murray. [Just Ready.]

11—	THE ECLOGUES AND GEORGICS OF VIRGIL. By Charles
Anthon, LL. D.

12—	XENOPHON’S ANABASIS. By the same Editor.

13—	BURTON’S ANATOMY OF MELANCHOLY. From the new
improved Edition.

14—	PRACTICAL ASTRONOMY. By Thomas Dick, LL. D.

15.	—A NEW ANATOMICAL ATLAS. From the French.

16.	—THE LIFE OF JOHN MARTIN. A Sequel to Henry Milner.
By Mrs. Sherwood.

17—	A KEY TO LATIN VERSIFICATION. By Prof. Anthon.

18—	LIFE OF THE REV. DR. PROUDFIT. By the Rev. Dr. For-
syth.

19—	A NEW WORK BY EPES SARGENT.

20—	THE AMERICAN SHEPHERD. By L. A. Morrell.

21—	AIDS TO ENGLISH COMPOSITION, ETC. By R. G. Parker.

22—	—PRAISE AND PRINCIPLE. By the Author of " Conquest
and Self-Conquest,” &c.

23—	SELF. A Novel. By the Author of " Cecil.” [Just Ready.]

24—	A NEW WORK ON INSANITY. By Dr. Galt

25.—THE SMUGGLER. By J. P. R. James, Esq. [Just ready.]

26—	AN ILLUSTRATED EDITION OF THE WANDERING JEW.

27—	MRS. LOUDON’S COUNTRY COMPANION, AND FARMING
FOR LADIES.

28—	MISS BREMER’S NEW WORK. Dalekarlien.

29—	DE ROHAN; OR, THE COURT CONSPIRATOR. By Eugene
Sue. [Now ready.]

30.	—THE BOOK OF THE FARM. By Stephens.

31.	—ILLUSTRATED COMMON PRAYER. Embellished with
about 700 fine Engravings.

32.	—BOOK OF COMMON PRAYER. Standard Edition revised, un-
der the Superintendence of Drs. Wainwright and Coil. In thirty va-
rieties of size and binding.

TO THE EDITOR OF THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.
sIR—WE WILL THANK YOU TO CAUTION

the public against a set of impostor who are calling upon our customers,
asserting that they are engaged by us in the capacity of agents. In several
instances they have succeeded in obtaining orders. But when the goods are
delivered great dissatisfaction has been given by the infamous and utterly
base imitations. But still persisting that the cards are our manufacture,
they too often succeed in foisting them upon the unsuspecting. We our-
selves would strenuously caution the said parties that should they persist af-
ter this notice, we will try what effect a State Prison will have upon them.

We are, sir, Your most obt’y,

J. B. CAREY & CO.,

Ornamental Show Card Manufacturers, 323 Broadway.

An agent wanted for New York City. Also one for New York State--
whose name will be published as our authorized agent.

Albany Evening Journal please copy for 7 days.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

351

MR. AND MRS. KIRKLAND’S
SCHOOL FOR YOUNG LADIES,

No. 255 Greene Street,

One door above Waverly Place, New York.

THIS School differs essentially from most others in

this city, in one particular: the number admitted is so limited that each
scholar receives the personal attention and instruction of the principals.

Mr. Kirkland resided some years in Europe for the express purpose of
qualifying himself as an instructor.

The French language is taught by an approved master, a native of France;
and every facility is afforded for practice, both in the school and in the family.

The plan of instruction embraces three divisions. The Initiatory Course in-
cludes Grammar, Geography, American History, Writing and Arithmetic
with Composition. Reading aloud, Spelling and Definition, form part of the
daily exercises of the whole school.

The Seond continues the above-named studies, with the addition of An-
cient and Modern History and the French Language.

In the higher or AEsthetic course all the usual branches of a thorough En-
glish course of education are included, with French, German, Latin and
Greek, according to the wish of the parent and the capacity of the scholar.

Pupils in this course pay particular attention to Poetry, to the art of Com-
position, and to the Philosophy of History. Moral Philosophy is taught from
Dymond, as abridged and prepared for schools by Mrs. Kirkland. Lectures
on various subjects are delivered by Mr. and Mrs. Kirkland, and others; and
the general course of study is advanced and rendered interesting by copious
illustrations from French and English Literature.

TERMS.

Primary Course, -	$12 50 Per Quarter.

Second “ (including French, &c.)  18 00	"

Third, or highest course, -	-	25 00	"

Music—Piano Forte,	-	-	- 15 00	"

“ Singing, -	-	15 00	"

Drawing,	-	-	-	 10 00	"

Dancing, -	-	-	12 00	"

For Board, (payable Quarterly in advance,) §175 per Annum.

Board during vacations at the same rate.

The young ladies are required to bring towels, spoons, fork and napkin 
ring—every article fully marked,

Washing $7 50 per Quarter.

No Extras—whether for fuel, use of instruments, or any thing not here
specified.

Pupils received at any time, and charged in proportion only,
References to parents and guardians given if desired.

SHEPARD

IS SELLING BOOKS AND STATIONARY AS

cheap as ever.

He has added a large assortment of Books bought at very low prices at
the late trade sale.

Niebuhr’s Rome, just published at $5, he will sell far below that price.
Encyclopedia Americana, in 13 vols., he will sell low enough.

He has also added a beautiful assortment of Gold Pencils—some of which
he will sell as low as $1,87 1-2 cents, warranted.

Another lot of that beautiful Letter Paper at $1,60 per ream—well worth
$2,25.

Please call and see if you cannot buy to suit you at

SHEPARD’S, 191 Broadway,

opposite John street.

UNITED STATES EXPLORING EXPEDITION.

CHEAP EDITION

NARRATIVE OF THE U. S. EXPLORING EX-

PEDITION, during the years 1833, 39, 40, 41, 42. By Charles Wilkes,
U.S. Navy Commander of the Expedition. With Illustrations and Maps. In
Five Volumes. Vol. 1, $ 2 00.

This edition contains precisely the same type, page, and reading
matter, as the one in imperial octavo ; the difference between them being in
the quality and size of the paper, and the omission of the steel plates, and
some of the maps. The number of wood illustrations in this edition is near-
ly three hundred. A volume will be published about every two weeks, un-
til the whale work shall be completed. For sale bv

WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

NOW READY, (Gratis,) WILEY & PUTNAM'S

LITERARY NEWS-LETTER FOR MAY, containing—

1.	—Foreign Literary Intelligence.

2.	—American Literary Intelligence.

3.	—Important English works in press.

4.	— List of new English Works just published.

6.-New American Works published in April.

6.	—Works recently imported, with the prices.

7.	—W. &P.’s recent Publications with Critical Notices.

8.	—Books which are Books' Library of Choice Reading.

9.	— The United States’ Exploring Expedition,

WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.

This News-Letter will be distributed gratuitously to all who will
leave their address with the publishers. Single copies of English books im-
ported to order per -steamer or packet.	my 10

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

The first Premium awarded five years by the American Institute for the
best Specimen of Off-hand Penmanship.

GOLDSMITH'S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

NO. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Waiti.nG, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of one hour each.

Double Entry Book-Keeping, Fifteen Dollars for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 8 P. M. daily for gentlemen
and from 11 to 1 o'clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith's Gems or PeNMANship," elegantly bound.
Price Fve Dollars.

THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published Monthly at Richmond, Va. ; price Five Dollars per Year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since 1835,

has a large subscription list among the elite of the Southern Aristocracy,
and is the principal organ of Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the “ Broadway Jour-
nal,” 135 Nassau st.

IMPORTANT WORKS FOR PUBLIC LIBRARIES.

FOR SALE BY

BARTLETT & WELFORD, NEW YORK.

THE TRANSACTIONS OF THE ROYAL SOCI-

 ETY OF LONDON, or Philosophical Transactions, from the
commencement, in 1665 to I800. By Drs. Hutton and Shaw ;
in 18 vols. 4 to., and from 1600 to 1835, in 36 vols., together
54 vols. royal, 4 to. uniformly bound in half calf.	$250 00

THE ARCHAEOLEGIA ; or Miscellaneous Tracts, relating to
Antiquity, by the Society of Antiquaries of Sweden, complete
from the beginning in 1770 to 1843, in 30 vols. uniformly
bound in half russia.	225 00

THE DELPHIN EDITION OF THE LATIN CLASSICS; by
Valpy, with various notes, the best edition, (published at 150
sterling) in 142 vols. 8 vo. boards.	200 00

PINKERTONS’ COLLECTIONS OF VOYAGES AND TRAV-
ELS in various parts of the world, 17 large vols., 4 to. half
bound in calf.	70	00

BAYLE’S GREAT HISTORICAL AND CRITICAL DICTION-
ARY ; by Des Maizeaux, best edition, 5 vols. folio, bound in
calf.	30 	00

ANDERSON’S’BRITISH POETS; from-Chaucer to Warton ; 14
vols. royal 8 vo. bound in calf extra.	40 00

COLONEL VYSE’S ACCOUNT OF OPERATIONS CARRIED
ON IN EXPLORING THE PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT; with
numerous plates; 3 vols. 4 to.	14	 00

DESIGNING AND ENGRAVING

ON WOOD.

SAMUEL E. BROWN, 70 Nassau Street, Corner of

John, New Yoik.

Portraits, Views of Buildings, Scenery. Original Designs, &c. &c. furnished

at this establishment.

the BOEHM FLUTE.

(new invention.)

Adopted at the Royal Academy of Music. London, the Conservatorie at
Paris, and the Principal Musical Institutions in Europe.

MR. LARRABEE, Manufacturer, of the “Boehm

Flute," 110 Fulton St. N. Y., anxious to introduce to the Amateurs of
rec cities the above Important Invention, which has been so enthusiastically
received and generally used by the most distinguished European Artists, feels
happy in being able to place before them the following testimonial to its
merits, signed by two of the most distinguished of our resident Artists.

We hereby certify to the the excellence of Boehm Flute as manufactured
by Mr. J.D. Larrabee ; to the beauty of its tone, the perfection of its tune,
and the simplicity of its fingering, which renders a brilliant execution
comparatively easy.

Philip Ernst (who has already introduced it

successfully among his pupils.

John A. Kyle, Principal Flute of the Philhar-
monic Society and Italian Opera, Professor and Teacher of the Boehm Flute,
41 Forsyth street. New York.

Amateurs and Professors are requested to call at the manufactory, 110
Fulton st. and judge for themselves.

DISEASES OF THE TEETH.

Washington, D. C., May, 1844.

THE neglect of the Teeth is the cause of much suffering
and regret, and should not be disregarded by the most thoughtless.
The undersigned having received the benefit of Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s
professional skill, and believing him well qualified in the science of
Dental Surgery, and an accomplished and skillful operator, we most
cheerfully certify to the ease and safety with which Dr. B. performs
the various and important operations, so essential to the usefulness,
durability, and beauty of the Teeth.

on. J. W. M. Berrien, Geo.	on. John B. Dawson, La.

Joshua“errick, Me.	John H. Lumpkin, Geo.

James Irvin, Pa.	J. Thompson. Miss.

Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s Office and Residence, 103 Liberty st., New York

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL,

REDDING & CO., - - - - Boston, Mass.

COLON & ADRIANCE, - - - - Philadelphia, Pa.

R.G.H. HUNTINGTON, - - - - Hartford, Ct.

GEORGE JONES, - - - - Albany, N.Y.

THOMAS H. PEASE, - - - - New Haven, Ct.

L. WILLARD, - - - - - Troy.

John Douglas, Printer, 106 Fulton Street.

352

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

MANESCA’S oral system of teaching

THE FRENCH LANGUAGE, pursued by his daughter, Madame
Durand, either in class or private lessons, to Ladies and Gentlemen,
at No. 35 Walker street.

AMILY BOOKS.—NEW AMD IMPORTANT

WORKS, designed especially for Families.

1.	The Pictorial Sunday Book. By John Kitts, D.D. A very hand-

some volume, folio, with many hundred engravings - $7 00

2.	Old England: a Pictorial Museum of Regal, Ecclesiastical,

Baronial, and Popular Antiquities. Vol. 1, large folio, with
many hundred tine engravings.........................7 00

3.	The Pictorial Museum of Animated Nature. 2 vols. large

folio, with many hundred fine engravings	-	-	- 12 00

4.	Pictorial History of England. 8 very large vols., with many

hundred engravings.........................-	- 27 00

5.	Pictorial History of Palestine. 2 very large vols. with many

hundred engravings................................ -8 00

6.	Chambers’ Cyclopaedia of English Literature. 2 large vols.

octavo...............................................6 00

7 Chambers’ Information for the People. 2 large vols. 8vo 6 00
8. Chambers’ Tracts of Useful Information. Vol. 1, with en- 

gravings - - - - . - - - . - 50

Imported and fo‘r sale' by '	'	' WILEY & PUTNAM, 

may24	__________________________l6l Broadway. _

LONDON & PARIS LITERARY AGENCY.

O. RICH AND SONS,

AGENTS FOR THE PURCHASE OF BOOKS

FOR AMERICA.

Agents to the Library of Congress,

The New York Society Library,

The Albany Institute,

The Boston Atheuaeum, &c. &c. &c.

12 Red Lion Square, London.

12 Rue Pot de Fer, Paris.

Mr. RICH respectfully informs his friends and fellow-citizens that he has
formed an establishment in Paris, in connexion with his old establishment in Red
Lion square, for the purpose of furnishing BOOKS published on the continent
without the heavy expense attending their transmission through England.
Each of these establishments will be conducted by one of his sons, under his
own general superintendence. This new arrangement, he trusts, will prove of
signal advantage to his correspondents, and no exertions will be wanting to exe-
cute their orders on the most advantageous terms. Orders may be sent through,
and small sums paid to Messrs. Goodhue & Co. of New York. Two and a half
per cent, will be allowed to all those who make a remittance with their orders.

Mr. Rich, having made Bibliography his special study for forty years, pos-
sesses a knowledge of books and editious not often to be met with, and will be
happy to give any advice and information respecting the formation of Libraries
or Collections of Books in any particular branch of literature or science. For
information in regard to his efficiency, he begs to refer to Messrs. Prescott,
Ticknor, Sparks, Irving, and other literary characters in the United States, to
whom he is known. Intending to devote the remainder of his life to literary
pursuits, his greatest pleasure will arise from sending rare and valuable books
to his own country; and he trusts to live long enough to see in the United States
a Library which may bear a comparison with the most celebrated iu Europe. If
he can live to say, " I also assisted IN its formation," his most ardent wishes
will be gratified.

Mr. Rich has in the press—Bibliotheca Americana Nova : a Catalogue of
Books relating to America, including Voyages to the South Seas and round the
World : Part III. from 1831 to 1845, with supplement and index completing the
work.	,

He has also nearly ready for the press, Bibliotheca Americana Vetus : a
Catalogue of Books relating to America from the Discovery to the year 1700;
with notes and observations: in one volume, 8vo., of about 400 pages.

Mr. Rich has also nearly ready, a reprin from Taervenot’s Collection of Father
Marquette’s account of the discovery of the Mississippi, entitled, " Decouverte
de quelques Pays et Nations de l'Amerique Septentrionale.” Only 125 copies
are printed, which will be distributed among Mr. Rich’s friends and corre-
spondents.

Mr. Rich has also purchased the remaining copies of the part relating to
America of L’Art do Verifier les Dates: of which ten volumes in octavo, by
D. B. Warden, Esq., are printed, and two volumes more, completing the work,
will be published in the course of the present year.

Price of the ten volumes published ------	40 francs

Complete sets of the Art de Verifier les Dates, in 44 vols. 8vo. - 160 francs
instead of 308, the original price.

Paris, May 1, 1845.	may24

REJOICINGS! HOLIDAYS!! BIRTHDAYS!!!

CAREY’S MONTGOLFIERS or Fire Balloons and

Air Balloons may be obtained from stationers and fancy stores in New
York, on and after the 20th of May, price $2 00 and upward—a list of which
will be published on that date. Directions upon each box.

J. B. CAREY & CO. 323 Broadway.
With Pyrotechnists arrangements can he made.	my 17

A CARD.

W.M. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANOFORTE,

ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank street, where his terms for
giving instruction can be ascertained.	my 17

TITIAN’S VENUS.

THIS TRULY BEAUTIFUL PRODUCTION, A

repetition of the great picture in the Florentine Gallery is now on exhi-
bition at 449 Broadway, an undoubted work of this never-to-be-excelled
master in the art of coloring.

Open during day and evening. Admittance 25 cts. Season tickets, 50
cents.

PIANO-FORTES.—A. H. GALE & CO.’S WARE-

Rooms, No. 289 Broadway—Manufactory Third Avenue, corner of 13th
street.

Purchasers are invited to call and examine their extensive assortment of
Rosewood and Mahogany Piano-Fortes, with from six to seven octaves, em-
bracing ever variety of patterns, made in their well known substantial man-
ner, under their immediate and personal superintendence, by skillful and
experienced mechanics, from the best seasoned materials.

These instruments embrace many important improvements, which will re-
commend themselves, and are finished in the highest state of perfection, with
the best French grand action, warranted in every respect by the manufac-
turer.

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to

Duhois & Stodart), No. 335 Broadway, will keep a complete assort-
ment of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of the most superior
quality ; such as he is prepared to guarantee for their excellence of Tone.

Touch, and External Finish, and to endure in any climate. A liberal dis-
count from the standard prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano
Fortes aways on hire.

PIANO FORTES.

THE Subscribers, while returning thanks to their

numerous friends, and to the public, would, at the same time, call atten-
tion to their Stock of Instruments, of six and seven octaves, just finished, in
elegant Rosewood and Mahogany cases.

The Subscribers, from their long experience in every department of the
business, have been enabled to add several important improvements to the
action, so that their Instrument, they feel assured will prove, upon examina-
tion, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM.

361 Broadway.

Manufactory 13th St., between 3d and 4th Avenues.
N. B.—A good second-hand Piano Forte for sale.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON. 23 Canal

 Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as iron frames,
&c.f with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made from choice mate-
rials and highly finished, with the most faithful workmanship, the result of
23 years experience in the business.

F RILEY & CO., No. 297 Broadway, (between

Reade and Duane streets,) New York, Publishers of Music, and Man-
ufacturers of Musical Instruments, wholesale and retail. In addition to their
own catalogue, (one of the largest in the United States,) they keep on hand
he publications of all the principal Music houses. They are electing a large
Saloon in the rear of their store, where Piano Fortes of a superior quality,
will be constantly kept on hand.

PIANO - FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick.) invites the Attention of the musical public to the ele-
gant and varied aesortment he now has at his Old Establishment, Corner of
Cottage-place and Bleecker Street, which he will sell at prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twenty
years, and for a large portion of that time manufacturer for two of the larg-
est Music Stores in this city, feels warranted in saying that his instruments
will bear a favorable chmparison with those of the best makers in this coun -
try or Europe, and that they contain all the real improvements of the dav.
Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and Repaired
New York, April 23d. 1845.

Cottage-flace and lilceckcr Street, which he will sell at prices unusually low.

P. having been actively engaged in the but-iness f.»r the last twenty
years, and‘for a large jmr.ion of that time manufacturer for two of the luig
eat Mu-ic Stores in this city, feels warranted in *u) ing that his instruments
will bear a favorable chinporison w ilh tho»c of the be:-t makeis in thi* coun -
try or Eurepe, and that they contain all the real improvements of the dav.
Second hnndPiano* Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and Retailed
New York, April 23d. 1S45.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO-FORTE MANUFACTURER,

88, 90, & 92 WALKER STREET, NEAR ELM.

A large stock of the finest Instruments always on hand.

TERMS MODERATE.

BERTINI’S METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive

work yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this method
the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases. The most prom-
inent feature of this work is that the lessons, exercises, scales and studies, are
given in such PROGRESSIVE order, 	that they enlist the interest of pupils, and
carry them almost imperceptibly through those mechanical difficulties which,
otherwise, are too often made irksome in other instruction books. The time
has arrived when a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account,
and it is only by the study of such methods as Bertini's that pupils will be en
abled to READ music with facility, and at the same time become good musi-
cians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner ; the rud-
ments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and each lesson
is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

The publishers are in possession of the highest recommendations from pro-
fessional gentleman, who speak of the superior merits of BERTINI's Method
over all others yet published in this country, most of them having used the
foreign copies previously. It will only be necessary to give a few of the
names in the principal cities.

Boston.	New York.

Messrs. G. J. Webb.	Messrs. H. C. Timm.

J. G Maedar.	W. Alpers.

H.T. Hath.	U.C. Hill.

E L. White.	F. H. Brown.

David Paine.	Philadelphia.

A. Kurek.	B. C. Cross.

T. B. Moses.	Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw .

Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the work.
American edition published by E. H. WaDE and W. H. OAKES, 197 Wash
ington street, Boston.