THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 1.	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, APRIL 19, 1845.

C. F. BRIGGS, EDGAR A. POE, H. C. WATSON, EDITORS.

NO. 16.

Published at 153 Broadway,
By JOHN BISCO.

STREET-PAVING.

There is, perhaps, no point in the history of the useful arts
more remarkable than the fact, that during the last two thou-
sand years, the world has been able to make no essential
improvements in road-making. It may well be questioned
if the Gothamites of 3345 will distinguish any traces of our
Third Avenue:—and in the matter of street-pavement, pro-
perly so called, although of late, universal attention has been
directed to the subject, and experiment after experiment has
been tried, exhausting the ingenuity of all modern engineers,
it appears that we have at last settled on a result which
differs in no material degree, and in principle not at all, from
that which the Romans attained, as if instinctively, in the

Via Appia, the Via Flaminia, the Via Valeria, the Via Tus-
culana, and others. There are streets in Pompeii to-day
constructed on the very principle which is considered best by
the moderns: or if there be any especial variation, it cer-
tainly is not to the credit of modem ingenuity.

The most durable and convenient of the Roman roads
were thus composed:—The direction and breadth were
first marked out by two shallow parrallel furrows or trench-
es (sulci) from 15 to 8 feet apart, according to the importance
of the via. The loose earth between the trenches was then
taken away, and the soil farther removed until a sufficiently
solid foundation was reached upon which to deposit the ma-
terials of the bed :—if from any cause, such as swampiness,
no such natural basis was atttainable, piles (fistucationes)
were driven. Above the natural or artificial basis (the gre-
mium) four strata were laid, of which the first (statumen)
consisted of stones about three times the size of those em-
ployed by us in Macadamizing; next came the rudus, brok-
en stones, cemented with lime (answering to our rubble-work)
—this was generally nine inches thick, and densely rammed.
Then came the nucleus of broken earthen-ware, six inches
thick, and also cemented with lime. Lastly came the true
pavement, (pavimentum) which was composed of irregular
Polygons of silex, commonly basaltic lava. These blocks,
however, were fitted together with great nicety, and pre-
sented just such an appearance as do our best built polygon-
al stone walls. The centre of the way was slightly elevated,
as with us, above the curb-stones. Now and then, in cities,
rectangular slabs of softer stone were substituted for the ir-
regular lava polygons—and here the resemblance to the fa-
vorite modern mode was nearly complete. When the road
or street passed over or through solid rock, the statumen and
rudus were neglected, but the nucleus was never dispensed
with. On each side of the way were elevated foot-paths,
gravelled, and well supported; and at regular intervals
Were stone blocks, corresponding to our own steps, for the
convenience of horsemen or carriages. Our mile-stones were
also employed.

We are aware that all this is very school-boyish informa-
tion— but we venture to place it before our readers by way
of fairly collating the ancient and modem ideas on the gene-
ral topic of road-making, and by way, also, of insisting on

the observation with which we commenced—that it is ex-
ceedingly remarkable how little we have done to advance
an art of so vast an importance, notwithstanding the contin-
uous endeavors which have been made, and are still mak-
ing, to advance it.

The Roman road (and our own quadrangular stone-block
pavement is but a weak imitation of it) is beyond doubt ex-
ceedingly durable; and, so far, wherever the experiment
has been tried, it has fully succeeded. By so far we mean
so far as concerns durability. The objections are first, its
cost, which is very great when the proper material is em-
ployed ; and secondly the street din which is wrought by
the necessity of having the upper surfaces of the blocks
roughened, to afford a hold for the hoof. The noise from
these roughened stones is less, certainly, than the tintamar-
re proceeding from the round ones—but nevertheless is in-
tolerable still. The first objection (cost) is trivial where
funds are at command ; for in the end this species of pave-
ment is the cheapest which has ever been invented, or prob-
ably ever will be invented—for repairs are scarcely needed
at all. But it is cheap only in a save-at-the-spigot under-
standing of the term—for our second objection is one of a vi-
tal importance. The loss of time (not to mention temper)
through the insufferable nuisance of street-noise in many of
our most frequented thoroughfares, would overwhelm all
reasonable people with astonishment if but once fairly and
mathematically put ; and that time is money—to an Ameri-
can at least—is a proposition not for an instant to be disput-
ed. Nor have we dwelt upon the vast inconvenience, and
often fatal injury resulting to invalids from the nuisance of
which we complain—and of which all classes complain,
without ever mentioning the necessity of getting it abated.

It is generally admitted, we believe, that as long as they
last, the wooden pavements have the advantage over all oth-
ers. They occasion little noise (we place this item first and
are serious in so placing it as the most important considera-
tion of all); they are kept clean with little labor; they save
a great deal in horse power ; they are pleasant to the hoof
and thus save the health of the horse—as well as some twen-
ty or thirty per cent, in the wear and tear of vehicles—and as
much more, in time, to all travellers through the increased
rapidity of passage to and fro.

The first objection is that of injury to the public health
from miasmata arising from the wood. Whether such injury
actually does occur is very questionable—but there is no need
of mooting the question, since all admit that the source of
the miasma (decay) can be prevented. It is demonstrated
that by the process very improperly called Kyanizing (since
Kyan has not the slightest claim to the invention) even the
greenest wood may be preserved for centuries, or if need be
for a hundred, or far more. The experiments by which this
fact is, as we say, demonstrated, have been tried in every
variety of way, with nearly identical results. Elocks prop-
erly prepared, for example, were subjected for many years,
in the fungus pit of the dockyard at Woolwich, England, to

242

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

all the known decomposing agents which can ever naturally
be brought to act against a wooden pavement, and yet were
taken from the pit, at the close of the experiments, in as
sound a condition as when originally deposited.

The preservative agent employed was that of corrosive
sublimate—the Bi-chloride of Mercury. Let a pound of the
sublimate be dissolved in fifteen or sixteen gallons of wa-
ter, and a piece of any wood (not decayed) be immersed for
seventy-two hours in the solution, and the wood cannot af-
terwards be rotted. An instantaneous mineralization can be
effected, if necessary, by injection of the fluid in vacuo into
the pores of the wood. It is rendered much heavier, and
more brittle by the process, and has altogether a slightly
metallic character.

The cost of the Bi-chloride of Mercury is we presume, at
present, something less than one dollar per pound—but the
cost would be greatly reduced should the mineralizing pro-
cess occasion an unusual demand. The South American
quicksilver mines, now unworked, would be put into opera-
tion, and we should get the article, perhaps, for forty or even
thirty cents per pound. But even now the cost of Kyanizing
is trifling in comparison with that of cutting, squaring, and
roughening stone—to say nothing of the difference in cost
between wood itself, and such stone as our present pavements
demand.

Decay being thus prevented, all danger from miasma is of
course to be left out of question ; and although it has been
frequently assert d that the mercurial effluvium is injurious
to health—the assertion has been as frequently refuted in the
most positive and satisfactory manner. The mercury is too
closely assimilated with the wooden fibre to admit of any
perceptible effluvium. Even where sailors have lived for
months in the most confined holds of vessels built of the min-
eralized wood, no ill consequences have been found to arise.

We write this article with no books before us, and are
by no means positive about the accuracy of our details. The
general principles and facts, however, are not, we believe,
matters of dispute. We confess ourselves, therefore, at a
loss to understand how, or why it is, that a Kyanized wood-
en pavement to a limited extent, has not been laid (if only
by way of a forlorn-hope-like experiment) in some of our
public thoroughfares. Or are we merely ignorant of the
case—and has the experiment been fairly tried, and found
wanting ?

AMUSEMENTS OF NEW YORK.

The supposed proneness of Americans (United Statesers)
to labor too much and play too little, has long been a subject
of reproach with foreigners, and of complaint among our own
countrymen. One of our magazines a short time since con-
tained a homily from a city clergyman, in which the evils of
too great seriousness of demeanor were forcibly set forth, and
people were urged to give more time to recreation and less to
business, in a very impressive and serious manner. But these
reproaches and complaints are made with a total blindness to
the statistics of fun, and with little argument as to the truth
of the assumption that Americans are not food of amuse-
ments. It is true that we have nothing that resembles the
impromptu cotillions which seem to belong to the soil of
France, and that fandangos and polkas are not danced by our
Broadway ladies in the Park and Bowling-Green; but we
doubt whether there are more dancers in Paris, if the figu-
rantes of the opera be excepted, than there are in New
York. In France they dance by daylight in the open air, for
economy’s sake, but here they dance at night in well lighted
rooms. The French dance, as though dancing were a matter

of course, in a trifling light-hearted manner; here we make
a serious business of it, and amuse ourselves in this manner
as though it were a duty. Our balls are conducted with as
much solemnity and consideration as our courts or elections.
Committees are appointed to make suitable arrangements ;
guests are invited in a precise sedate mannner, and they dress
themselves with elaborate care, to show that they are fully
impressed with the importance of the act in which they are
to engage, namely—to amuse themselves. Instead of that
light and frivolous behaviour which the French manifest on
such occasions, showing that they have no sense of the true
aim of amusement, which is to improve the health and
spirits, our people prove by their solemnity of carriage and
gravity of face, that they fully understand what they are
about, and that they have engaged in their amusements with
an intelligent appreciation of their importance. You may
sometimes observe an auctioneer who has rattled away at
his vocation all day as light-hearted as a parrot, and as full
of grimace as a monkey, go to his amusements with his wife
in the evening as sedate and well behaved as a judge. So
there are lawyers and judges, as thoughtless as crickets
while engaged in the business of their clients, bandying jokes
and making awful puns in law Latin, who will go to a ball
or a soirée as seriously as though they were disappointed
clients. This resolute determination to be amused certainly
manifests anything but an indifference to recreations, and it
is very plain that the foreigners who have complained of our
too close application to business, took but a very superficial
view of the national idiosyncrasies. Mr. Dickens looked out
from the windows of the Carbon House the day after his
arrival in New York, and not seeing any dancing monkeys
or organ-grinders in Broadway, directly wrote down in his
Diary that we had no amusements. But of all other men in
the world he should have been the last to accuse us of a dis-
inclination to amuse ourselves, for it was made a gala day
whenever he appeared.

The public amusements of New York are very numerous ;
a glance at one of the morning papers, will at any time dis-
cover a greater number of public places of amusement than
any city in Europe of the same extent can show. There are at
all times six theatres and a circus open nightly, while there
are two other theatres closed, on account of the season. Be-
sides these theatres, there are two museums where dramatic
entertainments are presented, and every night in the week
there are dramatic readings and singing in public lecture
rooms. The places where free entertainments, in the shape
of music and singing are given, are very numerous, and pri-
vate balls and parties are innumerable.

The theatres, which are generally looked upon as places
of amusement only, are generally exceedingly dull and som-
bre ; and people who wish to enjoy a hearty laugh, resort to
the company of a few choice fellows who have the reputa-
tion of saying good things, or seek the companionship of some
author who can be warranted not to tire.

Amusement should be spontaneous, or rather there can be
no amusement which is not so. The theatre should afford
amusement, pastime and instruction, but it rarely affords
either, and still more rarely the three combined. There is
evidence enough around us that we are an amusement seek-
ing people, and that we do not, as has been falsely charged,
give too much of our lime to serious business; if we gave
more we should doubtless be benefitted by it.

But we seek our amusements in our own way, and foreign
visiters, missing the street shows to which they have been
accustomed, very irrationally set us down in their diaries as
an overtasked people, who sacrifice every enjoyment to the
almighty dollar.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

243

The city governors have always indulged freely in recrea-
tions, setting an example to the people which they have not
been slow to imitate; but if they should spend part of the
time which they devote to feasting and merry-making, in
devising means to keep the streets in a healthy condition, the
people would hardly complain that they overtasked them-
selves with hard labor.

A walk through Broadway of a sunny morning to a man
of business as he goes to his office, would be recreation
enough to sweeten his hours of toil, but in the present con-
dition of our noble thoroughfare, it is a weariness and dis-
gust to make one’s way through it. The past week it has
been perilous to the lungs and the eyes, and certain ruin to
one’s clothes. Clouds of dust, soot, ashes, pulverised bricks,
and all manner of dried substances which have been ground
beneath the wheels of incessant omnibuses, have been drift-
ing about in dense masses; the raw wind rushing through
the narrow streets, though apparently impatient to escape
from such unpleasant places, will stop in Broadway on pur-
pose to play with the dust, and fling it into the eyes and nos-
trils of pedestrians. Yet people who suffer these inconve-
niences will yet talk of amusements, and allow their servants,
the rulers of the city, to amuse themselves, while their
grievances are unredressed. Nero has been condemned to
infamous notoriety, for amusing himself with his fiddle while
Rome was burning; but the spectacle of our mayor and alder,
men taking a pleasure excursion in a steamboat, or feasting
themselves at Bellevue, while the highways of the city are
choked with dirt, and the inhabitants are suffocated with
dust, is a sight to make the world forget Nero and his fiddle.

If a stranger to our country should desire to get a correct
idea of the earnestness with which we pursue the phantom
pleasure, let him behold the indomitable perseverance which
our citizens have shown in the determination to extract en-
joyment from the representation of Fashion at the Park thea-
tre, and of Antigone at Mr. Dinneford’s; a disinterested ob-
server would be convinced that people who went so seriously
to work in seeking their amusements, should not be taxed
with the sin of devoting too much time to business matters.

REFORM.

One of those innocent persons who conceive themselves to
have been sent into the world, like Mr. Moddle, on a mis-
sion, has recently taken it into his head to abuse our Journal
roundly in an eastern paper, on the assumed ground that we
are opposed to reform. This assumption is mainly based upon
our remarks upon Miss Fuller’s “Woman in the Nineteenth
Ceutury.” Our eyes are not shut to the evils of society, nor
are we by any means indifferent about their existence, for we
happen to experience personal discomforts every day, which
are owing to some abuse of law or custom that might better
be abolished than not; but we have learned to take our daily
rubs coolly, and we can look upon the sufferings of others
with quite as much composure as we can endure our own.
We have but little faith in the plan which our modern reform-
ers adopt, of scolding the world into good behavior; and we
have less faith still in the efficacy of societies to reform abuses,
particularly the abuses of foreign governments. Our reform-
ers are too apt to forget that "the earth is the Lord’s," and
trust to Him too little to provide for the happiness of his
children, trusting loo much to themselves. Every man has
it in his own power to reform himself, and when he has done
that well, he is in a capital condition to help reform the
world, but not before. There are some excellent hints on this
subject in the Bible, which would do our eastern friend peculiar

good, if he were to meditate on them whenever he may feel
disposed to hurl his arrows at supposed non-reformers, like
ourselves. We do not believe in the existence of individual or
isolated vices in a society; it is, therefore, an idle task to at-
tempt to heal it of any one disorder. The whole system must
be purged of its evil humors. If we concentrate ail our ener-
gies in the endeavor to remove a particular evil, all the others
will grow the more vigorously for being neglected; while we
are trying to cure the world of gambling, licentiousness and
avarice and lying and oppression and thievery and drunken-
ness will grow in strength. The whole body must be phy-
sicked, and not one of its members, to restore it to health.

It is unfortunate for those unhappy persons who arrogate
to themselves the divine title of reformers, that they gener-
ally forget to reform themselves, and they consequently make
as ridiculous a figure in the world as the fat man in the mob
that Dean Swift tells of, who kept complaining of the crowd
until a by-stander reminded him that it was his own carcass
that caused all the inconvenience, and that there would be
room enough if he were only out of the way.

The true reformers of the world are those who scatter
truths ; it matters not a straw what they are. Every dis-
covery in what are called the physical sciences, obliterates
some moral evil. The man with the most knowledge is the
greatest reformer, but the converse of this proposition is sup-
posed to be the case, and the country is overrun with witlings
who set about reforming society before they have mastered
their alphabets. In all countries, but in ours above all, the
intelligence of the people is the law; therefore it is better to
aim at enlightening the people, than to get up a crusade
against the law itself. The statute books of England and the
United States are full of dead laws, strangled by the intelli-
gence of the people, but not repealed. The law of capital
punishment is dying daily ; the progress of a certain trial the
past week, proves that it is almost dead. It is well for a bad
law to be repealed the moment that its wickedness is felt,
but the philanthropist need give himself no uneasiness about
it; let him instruct the people, and the law will die of itself.
Ignorance is the great father of law, and when the law is in
advance of the people, they will make laws for themselves,
like the Lynch-laws of the west. If we take a glance at the
history of the world, we shall find that all the reformers have
been poets or the discoverers of truths in science, while pra-
ters about reform have left the world quite as full of error as
they found it. Milton’s Comus has doubtless done much
towards reforming the world, but his Tetrachordon, and other
tracts, which were intended expressly to reform it, have done
nothing.

Our abusive friend is doubtless very sincere in his belief
that the world is to be reformed by newspaper paragraphs,
and we wish him nothing worse than that he may live to
see his faith verified.

BON-BON.

Quand unbon vin meuble mon estomac,
Je suis plus savant que Balzac—
Plus sage que Pibrac ;

Mon bras seul faisant l’attaque
De la nation Cossaque,

La mettroit au sac;

De Charon Je passerois le lac
En dormant dans son bac;

J’irois au fier Eac,

Sans que mon cœur fit tic ni tac,

Presenter du tabac.

That Pierre Bon-Bon was a restaurateur of uncommon

qualifications, no man who, during the reign of---------—, fre-

quented the little Cafe in the cul-de-sac Le Febvre at Rouen,
will imagine, feel himself at liberty to dispute. That
Pierre Bon-Bon was, in an equal degree, skilled in the phil

244

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

osophy of that period is, I presume, still more especially un-
deniable. His patés à la fois were beyond doubt immacu-
late : but what pen can do justice to his essays sur la Nature
—his thoughts sur I'Ame—his observations sur VEsprit ? If
his omelettes—if his fricandeaux were inestimable, what lit-
térateur of that day would not have given twice as much (or
an “ Idée de Bon-Bon"  as for all the trash of all the “ Idées"
of all the rest of the savants ? Bon-Bon had ransacked libra-
ries which no other man had ransacked—had read more than
any other would have entertained a notion of reading—had
understood more than any other would have conceived the
possibility of understanding; and although, while he flour-
ished, there were not wanting some authors at Rouen to as-
sert “ that his dicta evinced neither the purity of the Acade-
my, nor the depth of the Lyceum”—although, mark me, his
doctrines were by no means very generally comprehended,
still it did not follow that they were difficult of comprehen-
sion. It was, I think, on account of their self-evidency that
manv persons were led to consider them abstruse. It is to
Bon-Bon—but let this go no farther —it is to Bon-Bon that
Kant himself is mainly indebted for his metaphysics. The
former was indeed not a Platonist, nor strictly speaking an
Aristotelian—nor did he, like the modern Leibnitz, waste
those precious hours which might be employed in the inven-
tion of a fricasée, or, facili gradú, the analysis of a sensation,
in frivolous attempts at reconciling the obstinate oils and wa-
ters of ethical discussion. Not at all. Bon-Bon was Ionic
—Bon-Bon was equally Italic. He reasoned à priori—He
reasoned also à posteriori. His ideas were innate—or
otherwise. He believed in George of Trebizond—He be-
lieved in Bossarion. Bon-Bon was emphatically a—Bon-
Bonist.

I have spoken of the philosopher in his capacity of restau-
rateur. I would not, however, have any friend of mine im-
agine that, in fulfilling his hereditary duties in that line, our
hero wanted a proper estimation of their dignity and impor-
tance. Far from it. It was impossible to say in which
branch of his profession he took the greater pride. In his
opinion the powers of the intellect held intimate connec-
tion with the capabilities of the stomach. I am not sure,
indeed, that he greatly disagreed with the Chinese, who
hold that the soul lies in the abdomen. The Greeks at all events
were right, he thought, who employed the same word for
the mind and the diaphragm.* By this I do not mean to
insinuate a charge of gluttony, or indeed any other serious
charge to the prejudice of the metaphysician. If Pierre Bon-
Bon had his failings—and what great man has not a thou-
sand ?—if Pierre Bon-Bon, I say, had his failings, they were
failings of very little importance—faults indeed which, in
other tempers, have often been looked upon rather in the
light of virtues. As regards one of these foibles, I should not
even have mentioned it in this history but for the remarka-
ble prominency—the extreme alto relievo—in which it jut-
ted out from the plane of his general disposition.—He could
never let slip an opportunity of making a bargain.

Not that he was avaricious—no.	It was by no means

necessary to the satisfaction of the philosopher, that the bar-
gain should be to his own proper advantage. Provided a
trade could be effected—a trade of any kind, upon any terms,
or under any circumstances—a triumphant smile was seen
for many days thereafter to enlighten his countenance, and a
knowing wink of the eye to give evidence of his sagacity.

At any epoch it would not be very wonderful it a humor
so peculiar as the one I have just mentioned, should elicit
attention and remark. At the epoch of our narrative, had
this peculiarity not attracted observation, there would have
been room for wonder indeed. It was soon reported that,
upon all occasions of the kind, the smile of Bon-Bon was
wont to differ widely from the downright grin with which
he would laugh at his own jokes, or welcome an acquain-
tance. Hints were thrown out of an exciting nature ; stories
were told of perilous bargains made in a hurry and repented
of at leisure; and instances were adduced of unaccountable
capacities, vague longings, and unnatural inclinations im-
planted by the author of all evil for wise purposes of his
own.

The philosopher had other weakneses—but they are scarce-
ly worthy our serious examination. For example, there are
few men of extraordinary profundity who are found wanting
in an inclination for the bottle. Whether this inclination be

an exciting cause, or rather a valid proof, of such profundi-
ty, it is a nice thing to say. Bon-Bon, as far as I can learn,
did not think the subject adapted to minute investigation;—
nor do I. Yet in the indulgence of a propensity so truly clas-
sical, it is not to be supposed that the restaurateur would
lose sight of that intuitive discrimination which was wont to
characterise, at one and the same time, his essais and his
omelettes. In his seclusions the Vin de Bourgogne had its al-
lotted hour, and there were appropriate moments for the
Côtes du Rhone. With him Sauterne was to Medoc what
Catullus was to Homer. He would sport with a syllogism
in sipping St. Peray, but unravel an argument over Clos de
Vougeot, and upset a theory in a torrent of Chamberlin.
Well had it been if the same quick sense of propriety had
attended him in the peddling propensity to which I have
formerly alluded—but this was by no means the case. In-
deed, to say the truth, that trait of mind in the philosophic
Bon-Bon did begin at length to assume a character of strange
intensity and mysticism, and appeared deeply tinctured wilh
the diablerie of his favorite German studies.

To enter the little Cafe in the Cul-de-Sac Le Febvre was,
at the period of our tale, to enter the sanctum of a man of
genius. Bon-Bon was a man of genius. There was not a
sous-cuisinier in Rouen, who could not have told you that
Bon-Bon was a man of genius. His very cat knew it, and
forebore to whisk her tail in the presence of the man of ge-
nius. His large water-dog was acquainted with the fact,
and upon the approach of his master, betrayed his sense of
inferiority by a sanctity of deportment, a debasement of the
ears, and a dropping of the lower jaw not altogether unwor-
thy of a dog. It is, however, true that much of this habitual
respect might have been attributed to the personal appear-
ance of the metaphysician. A distinguished exterior will, I
am constrained to say, have its weight even with a beast;
and I am willing to allow much in the outward man of the
restaurateur calculated to impress the imagination of the
quadruped. There is a peculiar majesty about the atmos-
phere of the little great—if I may be permitted so equivocal
an expression—which mere physical bulk alone will be found
at all times inefficient in creating. If, however, Bon-Bon
was barely three feet in height, and if his head was diminu-
tively small, still it was impossible to behold the rotundity
of his stomach without a sense of magnificence nearly border-
ing upon the sublime. In its size both dogs and men must
have seen a type of his acquirements—in its immensity a fit-
ting habitation for his immortal soul.

I might here—if it so pleased me—dilate upon the matter
of habiliment, and other mere circumstances of the external
metaphysician. I might hint that the hair of our hero was
worn short, combed smoothly over his forehead, and sur-
mounted by a conical-shaped white flannel cap and tassels—
that his pea-green jerkin was not alter the fashion of those
worn by the common class of restaurateurs at that day—
that the sleeves were something fuller than the reigning cos-
tume permitted—that the cuffs were turned up, not as usual
in that barbarous period, with cloth of the same quality and
color as the garment, but faced in a more fanciful manner
with the particolored velvet of Genoa—that his slippers were
of a bright purple, curiously filagreed, and might have been
manufactured in Japan, but for the exquisite pointing of the
toes, and the brilliant tints of the binding and embroidery—
that his breeches were of the yellow satin-like material cal-
led aimable—that his sky-blue cloak, resembling in form a
dressing-wrapper, and richly bestudded all over with crimson
devices, floated cavalierly upon his shoulders like a mist of
the morning—and that his tout ensemble gave rise to the re-
markable words of Benevenuta, the Improvisatrice of Flor-
ence, “ that it was difficult to say whether Pierre Bon-Bon
was indeed a bird of Paradise, or the rather a very Paradise
of perfection."—I might, I say, expatiate upon all these
points if I pleased ;—but I forbear:—merely personal details
may be left to historical novelists;—they are beneath the
moral dignity of matter-of-fact.

I have said that “ to enter the Café in the Cul-de-Sac Le
Febvre was to enter the sanctum of a man of genius”—but
then it was only the man of genius who could duly estimate
the merits of the sanctum. A sign consisting of a vast folio
swung before the entrance. On one side of the volume was
painted a bottle; on the reverse a pate. On the back were
visible in large letters the words Œuvres de Bon-Bon. T bus
was delicately shadowed forth the two-fold occupation of
the proprietor.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

245

Upon stepping over the threshold the whole interior of the
building presented itself to view. A long, low pitched room
of antique construction, was indeed all the accommodation af-
forded by the Càfe. In a corner of the apartment stood the
bed of the metaphysician. An array of curtains, together with
a canopy à la Greque, gave it an air at once classic and com-
fortable. In the corner diagonally opposite, appeared, in di-
rect family communion, the properties of the kitchen and the
bibliotheque. A dish of polemics stood peacefully upon the
dresser. Here lay an oven-full of the latest ethics—there a
kettle of duodecimo melanges. Volumes of German morali-
ty were hand and glove with the gridiron—a toasting fork
might be discovered by the side of Eusebius—Plato reclined
at his ease in the frying pan—and contemporary manuscripts
were filed away upon the spit.

In other respects the Càfe de Bon-Bon might be said to
differ little from the usual restaurants of the period. A large
fire-place yawned opposite the door. On the right of the
fire-place an open cupboard displayed a formidable array of
labelled bottles.

It was here, about twelve o’clock one night, during the
severe winter of-----, that Pierre Bon-Bon, after having lis-

tened for some time to the comments of his neighbours
upon his singular propensity—that Pierre Bon-Bon, I say,
having turned them all out of his house, locked the door up-
on them with an oath, and betook himself in no very pacific
mood to the comforts of a leather-bottomed arm-chair, and a
fire of blazing faggots.

It was one of those terrific nights which are only met with
once or twice during a century. It snowed fiercely, and the
house tottered to its centre with the floods of wind that,
rushing through the crannies in the wall, and pouring impet-
uously down the chimney, shook awfully the curtains of the
philosopher’s bed, and disorganised the economy of his pate-
pane and papers. The huge folio sign that swung without,
exposed to the fury of the tempest, creaked ominously, and
gave out a moaning sound from it stanchions of solid oak.

It was in no placid temper, I say, that the metaphysician
drew up his chair to its customary station by the hearth.
Many circumstances of a perplexing nature had occurred du-
ring the day, to disturb the serenity of his meditations. In
attempting des œufs à la Princesse he had unfortunately
perpetrated an omelete à la Rente ; the discovery of a prin-
ciple in ethics had been frustrated by the overturning of a
stew; and last, not least, he had been thwarted in one of
those admirable bargains which he at all times took such
especial delight in bringing to a successful termination. But
in the chafing of his mind at these unaccountable vicissi-
tudes, there did not fail to be mingled some degree of that
nervous anxiety which the fury of a boisterous night is so
well calculated to produce. Whistling to his more imme-
diate vicinity the large black water-dog we have spoken of
before, and settling himself uneasily in his chair, he could
not help casting a wary and unquiet eye towards those dis-
tant recesses of the apartment whose inexorable shadows
not even the red fire-light itself could more than partially
succeed in overcoming. Having completed a scrutiny whose
exact purpose was perhaps unintelligible to himself, he drew
close to his seat a small table covered with books and pa-
pers, and soon became absorbed in the task of retouching a
Voluminous manuscript, intended for publication on the mor-
row.

He had been thus occupied for some minutes when “ I am
in no hurry, Monsieur Bon-Bon,” suddenly whispered a whin-
ing voice in the apartment.

“The devil!” ejaculated our hero, starting to his feet,
overturning the table at his side, and staring around him in
astonishment.

“ Very true,” calmly replied the voice.

“ Very true!—what is very true?—how came you here ?"
vociferated the metaphysician, as his eye fell upon something
which lay stretched at full length upon the bed.

"I was saying,” said the intruder, without attending to
the interrogatories, “ I was saying that I am not at all push-
ed for lime—that the business upon which I took the liber-
ty of calling is of no pressing importance—in short that I
can very well wait until you have finished your Exposition.

“ My Exposition !—there now !—how do you know-how
came you to understand that I was writing an exposition ?
good God!"

“ Hush !" replied the figure in a shrill under tone: and,
arising quickly from the bed, he made a single step towards

our hero, while an iron lamp that depended overhead swung
convulsively back from his approach.	6

The philosopher’s amazement did not prevent a narrow
scrutiny of the stranger’s dress and appearance. The out-
lines of a figure, exceedingly lean, but much above the com-
mon height, were rendered minutely distinct by means of a
faded suit of black cloth which fitted tight to the skin, but
was otherwise cut very much in the style of a century ago.
These garments had evidently been intended for a much
shorter person than their present owner. His ankles and
wrists were left naked for several inches. In his shoes,
however, a pair of very brilliant buckles gave the lie to the
extreme poverty implied by the other portions of his dress.
His bead was bare, and entirely bald, with the exception of
the hinder part, from which depended a queue of considerable
length. A pair of green spectacles, with side glasses, pro-
tected his eyes from the influence of the light, and at the
same time prevented our hero from ascertaining either their
color or their conformation. About the entire person there
was no evidence of a shirt; but a white cravat, of filthy ap-
pearance, was tied with extreme precision around the throat,
and the ends, hanging down formally side by side, gave (al-
though I dare say unintentionally) the idea of an ecclesiastic.
Indeed, many other points both in his appearance and de-
meanour might have very well sustained a conception of that
nature. Over his left ear, he carried, after the fashion of a
modern clerk, an instrument resembling the stylus of the an-
cients. In a breast-pocket of his coat appeared conspicuously
a small black volume fastened with clasps of steel. This
book, whether accidentally or not, was so turned outwardly
from the person as to discover the words “ Rituel Catholique”
in white letters upon the back. His entire physiognomy was
interestingly saturnine—even cadaverously pale. The fore-
head was lofty, and deeply furrowed with the ridges of con-
templation. The corners of the mouth were drawn down
into an expression of the most submissive humility. There
was also a clasping of the hands, as he stepped towards our
hero—a deep sigh—and altogether a look of such utter sanc-
tity as could not have failed to be unequivocally preposses-
sing. Every shadow of anger faded from the countenance of
the metaphysician, as, having completed a satisfactory sur-
vey of his visiter’s person, he shook him cordially by the
hand, and conducted him to a seat.

There would however be a radical error in attributing this
instantaneous transition of feeling in the philosopher, to any
one of those causes which might naturally be supposed to
have had an influence. Indeed Pierre Bon-Bon, from what I
have been able to understand of his disposition, was of all
men the least likely to be imposed upon by any speciousness
of exterior deportment. It was impossible that so accurate
an observer of men and things should have failed to discover,
upon the moment, the real character of the personage who
had thus intruded upon his hospitality. To say no more, the
conformation of his visiter’s feet was sufficiently remarkable
—he maintained lightly upon his head an inordinately tall

hat—there was a tremulous swelling about the hinder part

of his breeches—and the vibration of his coat tail was a pal-
pable fact. Judge then with what feelings of satisfaction our
hero found himself thrown thus at once into the society of a
person for whom he had at all times entertained the most
unqualified respect. He was, however, too much of the di-
plomatist to let escape him any intimation of his suspicions
in regard to the true state of affairs. It was not his cue to
appear at all conscious of the high honor he thus unexpect-
edly enjoyed, but by leading his guest into conversation, to
elicit some important ethical ideas, which might, in obtaining
a place in his contemplated publication, enlighten the human
race and at the same time immortalize himself—ideas which,

I should have added, his visiter’s great age, and well known
proficiency in the science of morals, might very well have
enabled him to afford.

Actuated by these enlightened views, our hero bade the
gentleman sit down, while he himself took occasion to throw
some faggots upon the fire, and place upon the now re-estab-
lished table some bottles of Mousseux. Having quickly com-
pleted these operations, he drew his chair vis-à-vis to his
companion’s and waited until the latter should open the con-
versation. But plans even the most skillfully matured are

often thwarted in the outset of they application, and the
restaurateur found himself nonplussed by the very first words

of his visiter's speech.

"I see you know me, Bon-Bon,” said he: “ha! ha!ha!—

246

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

he! he! he !—hi! hi! hi!—ho! ho ! ho!—hu! hu! hu!”—and
the devil, dropping at once the sanctity of his demeanour,
opened to its fullest extent a mouth from ear to ear, so as to
display a set of jagged and fang-like teeth, and throwing back
his head, laughed long, loudly, wickedly, and uproariously,
while the black dog, crouching down upon his haunches,
joined lustily in the chorus, and the tabby cat, flying off at a
tangent, stood up on end and shrieked in the farthest corner
of the apartment.

Not so the philosopher ; he was too much a man of the
world either to laugh like the dog, or by shrieks to betray
the indecorous trepidation of the cat. It must be confessed,
he felt a little astonishment to see the white letters which
formed the words “ Rituel Catholique" on the book in his
guest’s pocket, momently changing both their color and their
import, and in a few seconds, in place of the original title,
the words Régitre des Condamnés blaze forth in characters
of red. This startling circumstance, when Bon-Bon replied
to his visiter’s remark, imparted to his manner an air of em-
barrassment which probably might not otherwise have been
observed.

“Why, sir.” said the philosopher, “why, sir, to speak

sincerely—I believe you are—upon my word—the d----dest

—that is to say I think—I imagine—I have some faint—
some very faint idea—of the remarkable honor------”

“ Oh !—ah!—yes!—very well !” interrupted his Majesty,
Cl say no more—I see how it is.” And hereupon, taking off
his green spectacles, he wiped the glasses carefully with the
sleeve of his coat, and deposited them in his pocket.

If Bon-Bon had been astonished at the incident of the book,
his amazement was now much increased by the spectacle
which here presented itself to view. In raising his eves,
with a strong feeling of curiosity to ascertain the color of his
guest’s, he found them by no means black, as he bad antici-
pated—nor gray, as might have been imagined—nor yet ha-
zel nor blue—nor indeed yellow nor red—nor purple—nor
white—nor green—nor any other color in the heavens above,
or in the earth beneath, or in the waters under the earth. In
short Pierre Bon-Bon not only saw plainly that his Majesty
had no eyes whatsoever, but could discover no indications of
their having existed at any previous period ; for the space
where eyes should naturally have been, was, I am constrained
to say, simply a dead level of flesh.

It was not in the nature of the metaphysician to forbear
making some inquiry into the sources of so strange a pheno-
menon, and the reply of his Majesty was at once prompt, dig-
nified, and satisfactory.

“ Eyes ! my dear Bon-Bon, eyes! did you say ?—oh ! ah !
I perceive. The ridiculous prints, eh ? which are in circu-
lation, have given you a false idea of my personal appearance.
Eyes !!—true. Eyes, Pierre Bon-Bon, are very well in their

proper place—that, you would say, is the head?—right—the
ead of a worm. To you likewise these optics are indis-
pensable—yet I will convince you that my vision is more
penetrating than your own. There is a cat, I see in the
corner—a pretty cat!—look at her !—observe her well!
Now, Bon-Bon, do you behold the thoughts—the thoughts, I
say—the ideas—the reflections—which are being engender-
ed in her pericranium ? There it is now !—you do not. She
is thinking we admire the length of her tail and the profundi-
ty of her mind. She has just concluded that 1 am the most
distinguished of ecclesiastics, and that you are the most su-
perfluous of metaphysicians. Thus you see I am not alto-
gether blind : but to one of my profession the eyes you speak
of would be merely an incumbrance, liable at any time to
be put out by a toasting iron ora pitchfork. To you, I allow,
these optical affairs are indispensable. Endeavor, Bon-Bon,
to use them well;—my vision is the soul.”

Hereupon the guest helped himself to the wine upon the
table, and pouring out a bumper for Bon-Bon, requested him
to drink it without scruple, and make himself perfectly at
home.

“ A clever book that of yours, Pierre,” resumed his Ma-
jesty, tapping our friend knowingly upon the shoulder, as the
latter put down his glass after a thorough compliance with
his visiter’s injunction. " A clever book that of yours, upon
my honor. It's a work after my own heart. Your arrange-
ment of matter, I think, however, might be improved, and
many of your notions remind me of Aristotle. That philo-
sopher was one of my most intimate acquaintances. I liked
him as much for his terrible ill temper, as for his happy
knack at making a blunder. There is only one solid truth in

all that he has written, and for that I gave him the hint out
of pure compassion for his absurdity. I suppose, Pierre Bon-
Bon, you very well know to what divine moral truth I am
alluding.”

“ Cannot say that I-------”

“ Indeed!—why it was I who told Aristotle that by sneez-
ing men expelled superfluous ideas through the proboscis.”

“Which is—hiccup!—undoubtedly the case,” said the
metaphysician, while he poured out for himself another
bumper of Mousseux, and offered his snuff-box to the fingers
of his visiter.”

“ There was Plato, too,” continued his Majesty, modestly
declining the snuff-box and the compliment it implied, “ there
was Plato, too, for whom I, at one time, felt all the affection
of a friend. You knew, Plato, Bon-Bon?—ah! no, I beg a
thousand pardons. He met me at Athens, one day, in the
Parthenon, and told me he was distressed for an idea. I bade
him write down that ο νους εςτιν αυλος. He said that he
would do so, and went home, while I stepped over to the
pyramids. But my conscience smote me for having uttered a
truth, even to aid a friend, and hastening back to Athens, I
arrived behind the philosopher’s chair as he was inditing the
‘αυλος.’ Giving the lamma a fillip with my finger I turned it
upside down. So the sentence now reads ‘ ο νους εςτιν αυγος,'
and is, you perceive, the fundamental doctrine in his meta-
physics.”

“ Were you ever at Rome ?” asked the restaurateur as he
finished his second bottle of Mousseux, and drew from the
closet a larger supply of Chambertin.

“ But once, Monsieur Bon-Bon, but once. There was a
time”—said the devil, as if reciting some passage from a
book—“ there was a time when occurred an anarchy of five
years, during which the republic, bereft of all its officers,
had no magistracy besides the tribunes of the people, and
these were not legally vested with any degree of executive

power—at that time, Monsieur Bon-Bon—at that time only
I was in Rome, and I have no earthly acquaintance, conse-
quently, with any of its philosophy.”*

“ What do you think of—what do you think of—hiccup !
—Epicurus ?”

“ What do I think of whom?"  said the devil in astonish-
ment, “you cannot surely mean to find any fault with Epicu-
rus ! What do I think of Epicurus ! Do you mean me, sir ?
—I am Epicurus. I am the same philosopher who wrote
each of the three hundred treatises commemorated by Dioge-
nes Laertes.”

“That’s a lie!” said the metaphysician, for the wine had
gotten a little into his head.

“ Very well!—very well, sir!—very well indeed, sir,” said
his Majesty, apparently much flattered.

“ That’s a lie!” repeated the restaurateur dogmatically,
“ that’s a—hiccup !—a lie!”

“Well, well! have it your own way,” said the devil
pacifically: and Bon-Bon, having beaten his Majesty at an
argument, thought it his duty to conclude a second bottle of
Chambertin.

“As I was saying,” resumed the visiter, “as I was obser-
ving a little while ago, there are some very outre notions in
that book of yours, Monsieur Bon-Bon. What, for instance,
do you mean by all that humbug about the soul ? Pray, sir,
what is the soul ?”

“The—hiccup!—soul,” replied the mataphysician,refer-
ring to his MS., “ is undoubtedly”—

“ No, sir!”

“ Indubitably”—

“ No, sir!”

“ Indisputably”—

“ No, sir!"

“ Evidently"—

“ No, sir!”

“ Incontrovertibly”—

“ No sir!"

“ Hiccup !”—

“ No, sir!”

“ And beyond all question a”—

“No, sir! the soul is no such thing.” (Here, the philosopher
looking daggers, took occasion to make an end, upon the
spot, of his third bottle of Chambertin.)

“ Then —hic-cup !—pray, sir—what—what is it ?"

* In escrivaient sur la Philosophi (Cicero, Lucretius, Seneca) mais c'etait
la Philosophi Grécque.—Condorcet.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

247

“ That is neither here nor there, Monsieur Bon-Bon,” re-
plied his Majesty, musingly. “I have tasted—that is to say,
1 have known some very had souls, and some too—pretty
good ones.” Here he smacked his lips, and, having uncon-
sciously let fall his hand upon the volume in his pocket, was
seized with a violent fit of sneezing.

He continued :

“ There was the soul of Cratinus—passable: Aristopha-
nes—racy : Plato—exquisite—not your Plato, but Plato the
comic poet; your Plato would have turned the stomach of
Cerberus—faugh ! Then let me see ! there were Nœvius,
and Andronicus, and Plautus, and Terentius. Then there
were Lucilius, and Catullus, and Naso, and Quintius Flaccus,
—dear Quinty ! as I called him when he sung a seculare for
my amusement, while I toasted him, in pure good humor, on
a fork. But they want flavor these Romans. One fat Greek
is worth a dozen of them, and besides will keep, which cannot
be said of a Quirite.—Let us taste your Sauterne.”

Bon-Bon bad by this time made up his mind to the nil ad-
mirari, and endeavored to hand down the bottles in question.
He was, however, conscious of a strange sound in the room
like the wagging of a tail. Of this, although extremely in-
decent in his Majesty, the philosopher took no notice:—sim-
ply kicking the dog, and requesting him to be quiet. The
visiter continued :

“ I found that Horace tasted very much like Aristotle ;—
you know I am fond of variety. Terentius I could not have
told from Menander. Naso, to my astonishment, was Nican-
der in disguise. Virgilius bad a strong twang of Theocritus.
Martial put me much in mind of Archilochus—and Titus
Livius was positively Polybius and none other.”

“ Hic-cup !” here replied Bon-Bon, and his Majesty pro-
ceeded :

“ But if I have a penchant, Monsieur Bon-Bon—if I have a
penchant, it is for a philosopher. Yet, let me tell you, 6ir, it
is not every dev—I mean it is not every gentleman who
knows how to choose a philosopher. Long ones are not
good ; and the best, if not carefully shelled, are apt to be a
little rancid on account of the gall."

“ Shelled!!”

“ I mean taken out of the carcass.”

“ What do you think of a—hic-cup!—physician ?’’

“ Don't mention them !—ugh ! ugh !” (Here his Majesty
retched violently.) “ I never tasted but one—that rascal
Hippocrates!—smelt of asafœtida—ugh ! ugh ! ugh !—caught
a wretched cold washing him in the Styx—and after all he
gave me the cholera morbus.”

“The—hiccup!—wretch!” ejaculated Bon-Bon, “ the—
hic-cup !—abortion of a pill-box!”—and the philosopher drop-
ped a tear.

“ After all,” continued the visiter, “ after all, if a dev—if
a gentleman wishes to live, he must have more talents than
one or two; and with us a fat face is an evidence of diplo-
macy.”

" How so?”

“ Why we are sometimes exceedingly pushed for provi-
sions. You must know that, in a climate so sultry as mine,
it is frequently impossible to keep a spirit alive for more than
two or three hours ; and after death, unless pickled immedi-
ately, (and a pickled spirit is not good,) they will—smell—
you understand, eh ? Putrefaction is always to be appre-
hended when the souls are consigned to us in the usual
way.”

“ Hiccup!—hiccup !—good God ! how do you manage ?”
Here the iron lamp commenced swinging with redoubled
violence, and the devil half started from his seat;—however,
with a slight sigh, he recovered his composure, merely say-
rag to our hero in a low tone, “ I tell you what, Pierre Bon-
Bon, we must have no more swearing.”

The host swallowed another bumper, by way of denoting
thorough comprehension and acquiescence, and the visiter
continued:

“ Why there are several ways of managing. The most of
us starve: some put up with the pickle: for my part I pur-
chase my spirits vivente corpore, in which case I find they
keep very well."

“ But the body !—hiccup!—the body!!!”

“ The body, the body—well, what of the body ?—oh! ah !
I perceive. Why, sir, the body is not at all affected by the
transaction. I have made innumerable purchases of the kind
in my day, and the parties never experienced any inconve-
nience. There were Cain and Nimrod, and Nero, and Cali-

 gula, and Dionysius, and Pisistratus, and—and a thousand
others, who never knew what it was to have a soul during
the latter part of their lives; yet, sir, these men adorned so-
ciety. Why isn’t there A-----, now, whom you know as

well as I ? Is he not in possession of all his faculties, men-
tal and corporeal ? Who writes a keener epigram ? Who
reasons more wittily ? Who——but, stay ! I have his agree-
ment in my pocket-book.”

Thus saying, he produced a red leather wallet, and took
from it a number of papers. Upon some of these Bon-Bon
caught a glimpse of the letters Machi—Maza—Robesp—with
the words Caligula, George, Elizabeth. His Majesty select-
ed a narrow slip of parchment, and from it read aloud the
following words:

“ In consideration of certain mental endowments which it
is unnecessary to specify, and in farther consideration of one
thousand louis d’or, I, being aged one year and one month,
do hereby make over to the bearer of this agreement all my
right, title, and appurtenance in the shadow called my soul.

(Signed) A.....* (Here his Majesty repeated a name

which I do not feel myself justified in indicating more une-
quivocally.)

“A clever fellow that,’’ resumed he; ‘‘but like you, Mon-
sieur Bon-Bon, he was mistaken about tbe soul. The soul
a shadow truly ! The soul a shadow ! Ha ! ha ! ha !—he !
he! he!—hu! hu ! hu! Only think of a fricasséed shadow!”
“ Only think—hiccup!—of a fricasséed shadow !" exclaim-
ed our hero, whose faculties were becoming much illumina-
ted by the profundity of his Majesty’s discourse.

“ Only think of a—hiccup!—fricasséed shadow!! Now,
damme!—hiccup!—humph ! If I would have been such a
—hiccup !—nincompoop. My soul, Mr.—humph !”

“ Your soul, Monsieur Bon-Bon ?”

“ Yes, sir—hiccup !—my soul is”—

“What, sir ?”

“ No shadow, damme!”

“ Did not mean to say”—

“ Yes, sir, my soul is—hiccup!—humph!—yes, sir.”

“ Did not intend to assert”—

“ My soul is—hiccup !—peculiarly qualified for—hiccup |
—a”—

“What, sir?”

“Stew.”

“ Ha!”

“ Soufflée.”

“Eh?”

“ Fricassée.”

“ Indeed!”

“Ragout and fricandeau—and see here, my good fellow !
I’ll let you have it—hiccup!—a bargain.” Here the philo-
sopher slapped his Majesty upon the back.

“ Could’nt think of such a thing,” said the latter calmly,
at the same time rising from his seat. The metaphysician
stared.

“ Am supplied at present,” said his Majesty.

“Hiccup!—e-h ?” said the philosopher.

"Have no funds on hand.”

“ What ?”

“ Besides, very unhandsome in me’’—

“Sir!”

“ To take advantage of”—

“Hiccup!”	

“ Your present disgusting and ungentlemanly situation.”
Here the visiter bowed and withdrew—in what manner
could not precisely be ascertained—but in a well-concerted
effort to discharge a bottle at “ the villain,” the slender chain
was severed that depended from the ceiling, and the meta-
physician prostrated by the downfall of the lamp.

* Quere—Arouet?

LINES

Written on a block of ice brought from America without melting, and
exhibited in a window in the Strand, London :

“ Ice placed within a shop or room
Will turn to water, we presume;

For, 'tis a solvent, all agree;

But here IN-solvent ice we see.

“ Yet, though we cannot solve the ice,

We solve the riddle in a trice;

It comes from Pennsylvania's State,
And therefore will not liquidate."

248

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Original Poetry.

OSCEOLA SIGNING THE TREATY.

Stern in the white man’s council hall,

’Mid his red brethren of the wood,

While fearless flashed his eye on all,

The chieftain Osceola stood—

And fast the words that keenly stung,

Like arrows hurtled from his tongue.

“ Brothers !” he said, “ and ye are come
To sign the white man’s treaty here,—

To yield to him our forest home,

And he will give us lands and deer
Beyond the western prairie flowers,

For these broad hunting grounds of ours.

“ The pale-face is a singing bird!

Hungry and crafty as the kite—

And ye his cunning song have heard
Till like his cheek your hearts are white!

Till for his fire-drink and his gold
Your fathers’ bones their sons have sold !

“ And ye, the strong and pale of face,

Have bought the Indian’s hunting ground—

Bought his time-honored burial place,

With little gold and many a wound—

Yea—bought his right with hand of mail!

And with your blood-hounds on the trail,

You drive him from the everglades,

Beyond the Mississippi’s flow,

And with your rifles and your blades
You hunt him like the buffalo—

Till turns he, goaded, maddened, back,

To strike the foe upon the track!

"Let the white chieftains pause, and hear
The answer of the Seminole:—

The red man is a foe to fear—

He will not sign yon faithless scroll,

Nor yield to you the lands ye prize—

The war-belt on your pathway lies !”

Leapt from his wampum belt the glaive,

As from the bent bow leaps the shaft,

And fierce the tempered steel he drave
Through board and parchment, to the haft;

"And thus,” he said, with eye of flame—

" Thus Osceola signs your claim!"

MARY E. HEWITT.

STANZAS.

When the snowy arms of Death
Like a shroud encircle thee,

And his cold benumbing breath
Stills thy pulse’s melody;
Then beside thee, lowly bending,
Fondest friends shall seek to trace
In this blow, our bosoms rending,
Tokens of Almighty grace.

Daily, us we see thee fade
Like a blossom on the bough,
Chilling in the wintry shade,

Frosted dews upon its brow,

How we turn aside in anguish,

Chiding tears that flow too free,
Lest thy loving heart should languish,
Witnessing our grief for thee !

Thus to see the vital spark
Trembling in its wasted frame,
Waiting, longing to embark
For the haven whence it came—

Who could blame our sad concealings
From thy meek and watchful eyes,

Of the dark and troubled feelings
Which within our bosoms rise ?

Daily strive our lips to say—

Father! let thy will be done !

Nightly, kneeling, do we pray—

Father, spare our gentle one !

Thus from Death we seek to shield thee,

Hoping, where no hope avails ;

Knowing that His hand hath sealed thee—

That His arrow never fails !

When we fold thee on Earth’s breast,

Greenest turf we’ll gather there ;

Sweetest dews shall lightly rest
On that bosom, once so fair.

Yes ! for thee the tears of Heaven,

From the concave's deepest blue,

Noiselessly shall flow each even,

In the droppings of the dew.

There the tender buds of Spring
First shall open to the day,

Light their little bells shall ring
To the robin’s roundelay ;

And a breezy voice, while straying
Through the narrow, vaulted aisles,

Sad shall sigh, like mourners praying
God’s forgiveness and his smiles.

Lo ! across thy path of life
Death’s white shadow’s stealing now;

Let me not behold the strife—

Let me still in meekness bow.

God be with thee, gentle spirit,

When his angel fondly calls—

Yielding life, thou wilt inherit
Life within our Father’s halls.

Cincinnati, April, 1845.	R. S. NICHOLS.

THE LIVING ARTISTS OF EUROPE.

No. 1.

PAUL DE LA ROCHE.

[We have condensed the following biographical sketch of the great
French painter from an article in the London Art-Union. We shall
give sketches and portraits of other eminent artists hereafter.]

Paul Delaroche was born in Paris, in 1797. His father
was a man of taste, and was appointed to value the works
of Art which were offered at the Mont-de-Piété. He encour-
aged in his two sons an inclination for the purest Art; and
the elder, M. Jules Delaroche, after having made con-
siderable progress as a painter of history, renounced the pro-
fession, and succeeded to the appointment which his father
held, and has risen to the directorship of the Mont-de-Piété.
The younger persevered in his studies, and has, by his assid-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

249

uity, attained to the first rank among the painters of the
French school.

Paul Delaroche devoted himself first to landscape painting;
he then entered the atelier of Gros, under whom he applied
himself to the human figure, and soon became distinguished
by the rapid progress he made. Under Gros the young De-
laroche also soon declared his dissent from what is termed
the hitherto prevalent “ classicism” of the French school,
which was then yielding to the Renaissance; but took up a
position between the classic and the romantic, and labored
to create a style in harmony with the temper and habits of
his time. He commenced, notwithstanding, in that mystico-
biblical style which flourished a few years under the restora-
tion, and which has even of late shown symptoms of revi-
val ; but he soon discovered that this style did not suit him.
His first picture, 'Naphthali in the Desert,’ which he pain-
ted at the age of twenty-two, was exhibited in the year
1819, but it attracted no attention; another, the subject of
which was ‘ Joas Rescued by Josabeth,’ was more fortunate.
This was exhibited in 1822,' and sufficiently indicated those
powers which M. Delaroche subsequently developed and so
judiciously tempered. In a compte-rendu of the Salon of
1822, by M. Thiers, this picture is spoken of in terms highly
complimentary to the young artist. In 1824 he produced
three pictures, which won for him a gold medal. The first
represented 'Vincent de Paul Preaching in the Presence of
the Court of Louis XII.;’ the second, ‘ Joan of Arc Examin-
ed in Prison by the Cardinal of Winchester;' the third,

' Saint Sebastian.’

In 1827 ‘ The Capture of the Trocadero’ appeared, a work
which had been commissioned by the Government, and for
which he received the cross of the Legion of Honor. About
the same period he exhibited other works, which have con-
tributed much to his fame. The most celebrated of these
are, ‘ The Death of Agostino Carracci;' 'Flora Macdonald
Succouring the Pretender after the Battle of Culloden ;’ ‘ The
Death of Queen Elizabeth,’ which hangs on the walls of the
Luxembourg; ‘An Episode of the St. Bartholomew;’ ‘The
Death of the President Duranti;’ a full-length portrait of the
Dauphin, as a model, to be worked in Gobelin tapestry;
and the ceiling of the Museum of Charles X.

During some years after this period M. Delaroche painted
only what the French call moyen-age subjects, although
the term is scarcely suitable, as comprehending even those
that come within a century or two of our own time. In
1831 he produced ‘ The Children of Edward,’ which has
been so often engraved and lithographed, and which induced
M. Delavigne to compose his tragedy on the same subject.
Another highly successful picture was ‘Richelieu, on the
Rhone, with Cinq-Mars and de Thou;' as also that repre-
senting Cardinal Mazarin presiding, while even dying, at
a game of lansquenet. In 1832 M. Delaroche was called to
the Institute; and in the same year he exhibited, perhaps,
the most impressive of all his works, ‘ Cromwell Contem-
plating the remains of Charles I.,’ a composition which,
once seen, either in the original or in engraving, can never
be forgotten. The extensive popularity of this production
testifies its perfect success, and affords another extraordinary
example of the valuable simplicity with which this artist
can invest subjects, which in other hands would have been
at least repulsive and, perhaps, atrocious. In 1834 appeared
‘ The Execution of Lady Jane Gray ;’ which during the en-
tire period of its exhibition was, early and late, surrounded
by a crowd of admiring spectators. On the same occasion
were exhibited two other works, ‘ Galileo Studying in his
Cabinet ;’ and a Saint Amelia, intended as a model for the
painting of the great window of the chapel at the Chateau
d’Eu.

In 1835 M. Delaroche exhibited his picture of 'The Death
of the Duke of Guise;’ it is much smaller than his other cele-
brated works, and was the only one exhibited in 1835. The
murder of the Duke of Guise, it will be remembered, was
effected in the Castle of Blois, by order of Henry III. The
moment chosen is that when the King throws aside the
arras from before the doorway, and, in his impatience to
learn the result, asks in an agitated manner “ if all is done;"
he then discovers the body of the Duke, lying near the bed ;
and the murderers are relating to him the manner of his
death. This picture was purchased by the Duke of Orleans,
it displays more care and finish than any which preceded it.
The intention of the painter is shown in the figure of the
King, who looks from the corner of his eye to ascertain if his

enemy be really dead: it is also apparent in the courtesy
with which he is received by the assassins, who separate
that he may see that his commands have been accomplished.

It is in the body of the Duke that the artist recovers his grave
dignity: he has never produced anything more forcible than
this. In the meantime he exhibited his well-known pictures,

‘ Charles I. in the Guard-Room,’ and ‘ Lord Strafford.’
From 1837 to 1841 M. Delaroche was almost entirely occu-
pied by his great work at the Ecole des Beaux Arts, having
exhibited only two pictures, the one a fine portrait of ‘Na-
poleon in his Cabinet at the Tuileries.’

In 1835 it was proposed to M. Delaroche to enrich the
walls of the Madeline with suitable compositions ; but cir-
cumstances subsequently led to his resignation of the task.

In the same year he proceeded to Italy, where he formed a
matrimonial alliance with the only daughter of Horace Ver-
net, who was then director of the French Academy at Rome.
M. Delaroche was amply compensated for his disappoint-
ment, with respect to the Madeline, by having confided to
him the adornment of the Amphitheatre of the Ecole des
Beaux Arts—a task to which he devoted three years of as-
siduous labor.

The distinguished artist has recently returned from a sec-
ond visit to Rome, where he has executed a portrait of the
Pope ; which, in Italy, has received the most unqualified
praise. M. Delaroche has painted but very few portraits in
addition to those already mentioned. He has produced a
portrait of the Countess Rossi (late Madlle. Sontag), and
some others, in oil, crayon, &c.; all of which exhibit, in a
high degree, the striking characteristics of the accomplished
master, who could not devote to portraiture a genius which
has urged him onward to a series of triumphs in historical
and didactic art.

Few artists of any time, even since the revival of paint-
ing, can be pointed out as having passed during any given
portion of their lives a career so honorable and profitable as
that hitherto enjoyed by M. Delaroche. At a very early age
he was already in the arena competing for the suffrages of
the public; and in the term of twenty years he produced
thirty pictures, all of which have been signally distinguished
by the plaudits of the public, and many of which will re-
main among the remarkable examples of the French School
of Art. All his works have been popularised by the most
skilful engravers; from a very early period he received the
most flattering distinctions, and has in private life enjoyed
all the felicities attendant on a position so honorable. At
present, M. Delaroche is again busied in his studio, with a
prospective yet more brilliant than the past, and which it is
our sincere and reasonable hope he may live most fully to re-
alize.

As a teacher, Delaroche has formed a long train of pupils,
who speak of him with sincere respect. In stature he
reaches the middle height, being apparently of a slight but
active frame; with a head of fine character, an eye of intel-
ligence, and very searching in its gaze.

In his private character Delaroche presents much for es-
teem. Independent of the excellence of his qualities in do-
mestic life, he wears no conscious air of superiority; is free,
frank, and affable in his manners; liberal in exposing the
riches of his studio; and communicative in reference to any
methods of his painting which the stranger may think wor-
thy of enquiry. Offered by the government a large pecuni-
ary present on the completion of the Hemicycle, he waived
it for himself, on condition that it should be offered to in-
crease the excellence of the engraving which, under sanction
of the Government, is about to be published.

We never encountered one who so completely realized our
notions of high genius : his eloquent countenance, so full of
rapid thought and expression—his exceeding, and somewhat
restless, energy of manner—conveyed to our minds the only
just idea we ever received of what we understand, or desire
to understand, by the term soul—as characteristic of a na-
ture far superior to the great mass of humankind. The feel-
ine of respect, not unmingled with affection, with which we
regard the great painter of France, is enhanced by the know-
ledge that his high position is sustained not alone by that in-
tellectual power which commands reverence from all, but
by the continual exercise of the more “ private and personal

virtues"—the perpetual manifestation of a generosity truly

catholic—and the almost daily proof supplied by his life,
that true greatness may exist without a particle of selfish,
ness, vanity, or envy.

250

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

THE AMERICAN AUTHORS’ UNION.

“ Deccus,” said the reviewer of that gentleman’s works, as
he opened his manuscript, “as you are well aware, gentlemen,
is one of our most original, most promising, and most indige-
nous authors, he is, in fact the American Boz; I have written
my review of his writings, not from any personal regard, not
from any wish to display my own learning, but from a sin-
cere desire to promote the interests of American literature.
I shall begin with an analysis of his greatest work, the
Cogitations of Christopher Cockroach, citizen. Deccus is a—”
“ Really, gentlemen,”said Mr. Deccus, rising with a flush-
ed face, “it strikes me that it is taking a liberty with an au-
thor’s works which I, in the name of American literature,
must protest against, to name any one of his writings as the
greatest. I name no names gentlemen, I designate no pre-
sumptuous individual, but the man who takes that liberty
with my productions can never be classed among the friends
of American literature. I am an injured man, gentlemen.
I accuse no one, I name no one, but a certain individual has
done me an immense injury. If one of my works can be
classed as the greatest of my productions, perhaps, gentlemen,
some of my works will be called the smallest. Beware, gen-
tlemen, how you trifle with the interests of American litera-
ture, that delicate plant which requires the warm sunlight
of your favor, but which the cold, the chilly, the withering
blasts of criticism may uproot and destroy and eradicate for-
ever.”

This speech of the injured author so disconcerted the re-
viewer, that he put his manuscript in his pocket, and sat
down without opening his lips. But his silence seemed to
say, that as for satisfying an author by reviewing his book, the
thing is clearly impossible. I will make the attempt no
more.

Cries were now made for the letter of Areanus, which be-
ing produced, was found to contain a tragedy in six acts, by
Major Laurel, the American Sheridan Knowles. It was
read by Ostensible Watkins, Esq., the American John Phi-
lip Kemble, a remarkable elocutionist, who pronounced the
title, sufficiently moving in itself, in a manner that sent a
thrill of horror through all the several authors present.

The Author's Tragedy

OR

THE PERFIDIOUS PUBLISHER.

A Drama in Six Acts.

ACT I.

Scene—A room with no furniture, except a weeping wife and two
crying children. Enter

Writefort, an American author, with a large roll of paper under
his arm. He looks with unspeakable anguish on his wife and children,
strikes his forehead, turns both of his pockets inside out, points to his
manuscript, and rushes off the stage.

ACT II.

Scene—A counting room, clerke writing at a desk, a publisher with
spectacles, sitting in an easy chair reading a newspaper. Enter ano-
ther publisher, sleek, smiling, well fed, and well dressed.

1st Pub. Brother, good morning.

2d Pub. Good morning, brother.

1st Pub. Have you read the last manuscript, my brother ?

2d Pub. Ha, ha, ha, capital! read it, indeed? What
innocent fools these authors are, to think we read their
manuscripts.

1st Pub. I am astonished at your trifling talk upon a seri-
ous subject; you know I always reed all manuscripts that
come to hand; I stick a reed in them, so I can always say
with a clear conscience, (for you know I hate lying,) Sir, I
have been reeding your manuscript, when an author applies
to me.

2d Pub. You were born a wag, brother; but what will
you say to Mr. Writefort? He will call this morning for an
answer.

1st Pub. It’s fortunate that you reminded me of him: I’ll
do it now. Porter, bring in that last nuisance. [The porter
brings in a roll of manuscripts. The 1st publisher shoves a
reed through it, and laughs.'] There, I am ready for him;
and here he comes.

Enter Writefort, an American Author. He takes off his hat and bows
respectfully.

Author. Have you examined my work, sir ?

1st Pub. [Winks to his brother.] I have this moment
done reeding it.

Auth. Good Heavens ! You have read it! Little did I
expect this. Sir, accept the thanks of a grateful author. I
cannot doubt, then, that you will buy it. It cost me many
years of painful study, many privations, many fears, and many
hopes. I am partial, I know, but still, I know the work has
merit.

1st Pub. [Aside to his brother.] I’ll have a bit of fun. [To
the author.] Merit? Of course. In the whole course of my
reading I never encountered greater—greenness. (aside.)

Auth. Oh, sir, what would my poor wife say, if she were
to hear that. Will you, sir, allow me to repeat it to her ?

1st Pub. Of course. Pray, Mr. Writefort, what value do
you put upon your work?

Author. Indeed, Sir, I am afraid to say. No price would
seem too large to me who know its value, and none too
small to meet my wants.

1st Pub. Would you refuse ten thousand dollars?

Author. Ten thousand dollars ! Surely. Sir, you are jest-
ing or I am dreaming. Did you mean what you said ; did you
say ten thousand dollars ?

1st Pub. I did.

u thor. Sir, I will take less, I will take nine thousand
five hundred. Excuse my trembling, Sir, but your offer was
so unexpected, it has quite unnerved me. I must go home
and tell my wife. I will return again to-morrow and close
the bargain. [He shakes both Publishers by the hand, and
rushes out in a wild delirium of joy.]

1st Pub. Ha ! ha ! ha !

2d Pub. Ho! ho! ho!

All the clerks. He ! he ! he !

2d Pub. Porter, remove that nuisance, and then pack up
the case of Bibles.

ACT III.

Scene—the Unfurnished Room.

The author, his wife and two children, with hands joined, dance
round the table, which has an empty ink bottle and a steel pen in the
centre. Having danced until their strength is exhausted they fall on
their knees, forming a tableau in front of the table, and the curtain
drops.

ACT IV.

Scene—the Publishers as before.

1st Pub. There comes that poor devil author again.
Now for more fun. Enter Writefort.

Write. Sir, I have called again for the last time, ten
times have I called already. If you do not mean to pay me
anything for my work, it shall be yours for nothing, if you
will only print it.

1st Pub. I could not think of accepting so valuable a
work, Sir, for nothing; and as for printing it now it is quite
impossible—we mean to erect a new steam press ex-pressly
for it.

Author. But while your presses are getting ready, I am
pressed so sorely by my necessities that I cannot wait. I
must apply elsewhere, and as you have read my work you
will, of course, give me a paper setting forth its value.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

251

1st Pub. That I cannot do; it’s against my principles to
recommend any work which I do not publish. Porter, give
Mr. Writefort his manuscript.

Author. Pray, Sir, how is this? You say you read my
work, but the seal of the wrapper has not been broken.
Surely you have not been trifling with me ?

Pub. Porter, show that gentleman to the door ; authors
are getting impudent. Fine times, indeed, when a poor dev-
il writer uses such language to a respectable dealer in books.
Trifling, indeed!

Exit author with his MS. under his arm. and the act closes with a
grand laughing chorus by the publishers and his workmen.

ACT V.

Scene—in the street, before a cheap publication office.

Writefort—[Solus.] Well, at last my work is out; pub-
lished upon the cheap and nasty plan. All my hard toil, all
my high hopes, all my fond dreams at last have come to
this. My precious work, printed on dingy paper, stitched in
a cover of dirty hue, and sold at retail for no more than a
poor quarter dollar. Well, well, I had one glorious hour,
the while I dreamed I and my wife and little ones were all
made rich by that magnificent sum! Ten thousand dollars!
’T was but a dream, but even in a dream to be so blest, was
worth the toil, and care, and wasting thought, that my great
work has cost. Who would not be an author.

ACT VI.

Scene—a garret, a coffin surrounded by the author’s widow and tiro
children. She holds a copy of the London Times in her hand. She wipes
her eyes and reads.

“ Mr. Bentley will publish early next month ' Writefort’s
History of Pavonia,’ in 3 vols. octavo: price two guineas.”
Too late, too late! This advertisement would have saved
my husband’s life. But cannot I and my children reap some
good from my husband’s labors? Must Mr. Bentley fatten
upon the toil of my dead husband, and I gain nothing ? O,
strange unequal world, that secures to the meanest laborer,
the mechanic, the merchant, the farmer, the fruits of their
toil, the full extent of their possessions, but leaves the au-
thor destitute of protection, a prey to every mercenary wretch
that chooses to appropriate his belongings; O, strange in-
consistent, thoughtless, heartless world !

The lid of the coffin is suddenly lilted up, the author rising in the
coffin ; the widow and children are on the point of rushing out when
he calls them back and embraces them.

Author. An appeal like that, a wrong so gross, an incon-
sistency so strange, an evil so monstrous, a statement so
startling, could not fail to wake the dead. I am alive again.
Dear wife, and children dear, let those write books who will,
henceforth I’ll cobble shoes, and then I shall enjoy the fruits
of my own labor.

THE END.

ACHILLES’ WRATH.

At "No. 8 Astor House,” in a style (no doubt) of luxuri-
ous elegance and ease, resides a gentleman and a scholar,
who (without paying his postage) has forwarded us a note,
(through the Despatch Post,) signing it either Mr. W. Dinne-
lord, or Mr. P. or Mr. Q. Dinneford—for he writes a shock-
ingly bad hand, and we are unable to make out all his capi-
tals with precision. It is not always the best scribe, howev-
er, physically considered, who is capable of inditing the
most agreeable note—as the note of Mr. Dinneford will
show. Here it is:

SIR!		

In your note of the 2d inst. you request of me the favor of

being placed on the free list of this theatre, because (aa your letter
says) you were anxious "to do Justice to 'Antigone’ on its representa-
tion.’’ Your name was accordingly placed on the free list. Your

Critique has appeared, in the Broadway Journal, characterized, much
more by ill nature and an illiberal spirit, than by fair and candid or
even just criticism.—

In justice therefore to myself, I have withdrawn your name from
the free list. I am always prepar’d to submit,as a catererer for public
amusement, to any just remarks, though they may be severe, but I do
not feel myself called upon to offer facilities to any one, to do me in-
jury by animadversions evidently marked by ill feeling. I am SIR !

With very great respect, Your most ob’t serv’t

W. DINNEFORD.

To Edgar Poe Esq. &c &c &c
Author of THE RAVEN.

New York APL 15, 1845. No 8 Astor House.

We are not wrong (are we?) in conceiving that Mr.
Dinneford is in a passion. We are not accustomed to compo-
sitions of precisely this character—(that is to say, notes writ-
ten in large capitals with admiration notes for commas—the
whole varied occasionally with lower case)—but still, we
think ourselves justified in imagining that Mr. Dinneford
was in a passion when he sent us this note from his suite of
boudoirs at the Astor House. In fact, we fancy that we can
trace the gradations of his wrath in the number and impres-
siveness of his underscoring. The SIRS !! for example, are
exceedingly bitter ; and in THE RAVEN, which has five
black lines beneath it, each one blacker than the preceding,
we can only consider ourselves as devoted to the Infernal
Gods.

Mr. Dinneford is in a passion then—but what about?
We had been given to understand, that it was usual in New
York, among editors newly established, to apply (by note)
for the customary free admission to the theatres. The cus-
tom is a wretched one, we grant, but since it was a custom,
we were weak enough, in this instance, to be guided by it.
We made our note to this Dinneford as brief and as explicit
as possible—for we felt that the task was a dirty one. We
stated distinctly that we wished to be placed on his free list
for the purpose of “doing justice to Antigone”—just as he
says himself. To this note the inhabitant of No. 8 Astor
House condescended to make no reply. Supposing that the
man “ knew no better,” and pitying his ignorance from the
bottom of our hearts, we proceeded to the theatre on its
opening night, in the full certainty of at least finding our
name on the free list. It was not there. And the blather-
skite who could behave in so indecent a manner, as to fail
first in answering our note, and secondly in paying attention
to the request it contained, has the audacity to find fault with
us because we dared to express an unbiassed opinion of his
stupidity—that is to say, of the stupidity of a play gotten up
by himself, Mr. Dinneford.

He failed in his duty—there was no reason that we should
fail in ours. We told him that we meant to do him justice—
and we did it.

We are not wasting words on this Quinneford—it is the
public to whom we speak—to the editorial corps in especial.
We wish to call their attention to the peculiar character of
the conditions which managers such as this have the impu-
dence to avow, as attached to the privilege of the free list.
No puff no privilege, is the contract. That is to say, an edi-
tor, when admitted to the theatre, is to be understood as
leaving his conscience in the street. He is admitted not to
judge—not to criticise—but to adulate. He is to put himself
to the inconvenience of quitting his business, or his amuse-
ment, for the purpose of observing and reporting, for the
management, whatever is occurring at the theatre. On en-
tering, he is to content himself with standing where he can—
his usual position being in the lobby, where he peeps, as well
as he may, through the Venetian shutters of the boxes—for
usually he cannot go until late, and no accommodations are
afforded him—no seats are reserved for his use. And for the
honor of doing all this, he is complimented with what ?—the

252

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

privilege of entering the doors of the Temple consecrated to
the Quinneford—the value of the privilege in actual money,
ranging from one dollar to twenty-five cents per night; ad-
mitting that circumstances are at the very best, and that the
editor is so fortunate as to secure such a seat as he could
procure for the twenty-five cents or the dollar, paid at the
door. Deducting the difficulties and inconveniences to which
he is necessarily subjected, the privileges may be estimated
as from 6 1/4 to 12 1/2 cents per evening—a price quite sufficient,
we presume, in the opinion of the Quinnefords, for the con-
glomerated consciences of all the editors within the limits of
Christendom.

We have spoken, altogether, of “ such managers” as Quin-
neford—but fortunately such managers are few. There is
certainly not in New York, at the present moment, any other
member of the theatrical profession, who either would have
behaved with the gross discourtesy of this gentleman, or
who, in inditing the preposterous letter published above,
could have proved himself, personally, so successful a “ ca-
tererer for the public amusement.”

REVIEWS.

Night: a Poem. In two Parts. New York: Alexander V. Blake, 77
Fulton street. l845. pp. 60.

Alexandre Dumas, in the preface to one of his tragedies,
says: “ Ce sont les hommes, et non pas 1’homme, qui in-
ventent. Chacun arrive à son tour et à son heure, s'empare
des choses connues de ses pères, les met en œuvre par des
combinaisons nouvelles, puis meurt après avoir ajouté quel-
ques parcelles à la somme des connaissances humaines.
Quant à la crèation complète d’une chose, je la crois impos-
sible. Dieu lui même, lorsqu’il crea l'homme, ne put on n’osa
point 1’inventer: il le fit à son image.

We should be unwilling to charge the author of the poem
before us with the profane sentiment of the audacious pla-
giarist whom we have quoted, but it is very plain that the
two authors entertain very similar feelings respecting des
choses connues de ses pères.

The author of Night has chosen an infelicitous title for his
poem, for the word “Thoughts,” must pop into the minds of
his readers as soon as they open his volume: yet it would
have mattered nothing if he had chosen a different one, for
the same title would have been inevitably suggested by the
poem itself.

We can safely pronounce the author a good man and a
scholar, which is higher praise than can be bestowed upon
every good poet. His withholding his name from his com-
binaisons nouvelles proves him to be a modest man, at least.
The volume makes a favorable appeal to the eye, if not to
he heart, by its beautiful externals. It is one of the hand-
somest books that we have recently handled.

There are many lines like the following in the poem,
which might be vastly improved by the alteration of one
word:

“From morn to noon, from noon to dusky eve.”
if dewy were substituted for dusky, the line would then be
quite perfect and original. As an example of the author’s
art and feeling, we make as long an extract as we can afford
room for.

E’en now the gale that stirs this humid air.

Is wet with sight and tears that rise to beaten,

Despatch’d, how vain, to sue for mercy there.

Gay-hearted sufferers! such are not to me
The sounds I love the most; for I am of you:

Lay but the master his cold hand on me.

Press but these cords, and lo ! what plaintive airs
Running through all my compass, judge me true.

A sharer in your lot; partner with all
Of human kind, the common nerve of life
That knits all nature, country, race, in one,
And makes us comrades as in fortune joined;
Each bound to each, and one to all, then why
Less sad for other’s sorrows than my own ?

Imagination and Fancy. By Leigh Hunt. No. IV of the “ Library
of Choice Reading,” published by Mess. Wiley and Putnam.

A better work than this, for the purpose of the “ Library”
could scarcely have been selected.

The delicate taste and fine fancy of Leigh Hunt are, at
the present day, as warmly admitted, as many years ago
they were clamorously denied. His exquisite sensibility to
all impressions of the beautiful; his scholarship (by no
means profound, yet peculiarly available) ; and his general
vivacity of intellect—render him an admirable critic on all
points within the compass of these qualities. No man living
can put a truly good book of ordinary literature, in a better
light than he. In poetical criticism, especially, he is at
home—to the extent we have suggested. His mode is to
give a running commentary on the poem, citing largely, Ital-
icizing such passages as strike his fancy, and expatiating on
the effects produced: his sole object, apparently, being to
extort from the work the greatest amount of beauty which
it can be made to yield. This, undoubtedly, is a very cap-
tivating method, and mankind are by no means the more dis-
posed to quarrel with it on the ground that it is sometimes
less useful (if the term may be here applied) than delight-
ful.

But these are not all the capacities of Hunt. He theorises
with great ability. An instinct of the fitting—a profound
sentiment of the true, the graceful, the musical, the beauti-
ful in every shape—enables him to construct critical princi-
ples which are thoroughly consistent with Nature, and which
thus serve admirably as a substructure for Art. But it is in
the power of passing behind his principles, that he utterly
and radically fails. Of their composition—of their machi-
nery—he is as ignorant as a child. If any thing goes wrong
with his critical clock-work, he remains profoundly and cu-
riously embarrassed—not having the commonest idea of the
steps to be taken to set it in order. He tells us that a pas-
sage is beautiful, and very usually (though not always) we
admit that he is right. He insists on its beauty, and we still
coincide. He expatiates on it until we grow warm in his
warmth. He demonstrates to our satisfaction how it is beau-
tiful and at what particular points it is beautiful, and some-
times adventures so far as to assure us (while we agree with
him) that it would be still better at certain other points if
written so and so—and then should we be so inconsiderate as
to ask him why it is beautiful, he would be altogether at a
loss for an answer.

In a word the forte of the author of Rimini is taste—while
his foible is analysis. Of this latter quality—absolutely in-
dispensable in all criticism that aims at instruction or reform-
ation in letters—he is radically deficient. He himself feels
his own ability to construct a fine poem, and is content to be
assured of the validity of the principles upon which he con-
structs it, without caring to understand the ultimate character
of the natural laws (of the heart and intellect) upon which
the validity of the principles depends. Feeling thus, he is
prone to suppose that in all men the ability may exist with-
out the understanding—and his criticisms therefore take no
account of the latter. He neglects it first, because he does
not appreciate its necessity (since it is no necessity for him)
and secondly through absolute incapacity for its discussion.
Now the one cause predominates in him and now the other.
We can at all time trust his comments of love and admira-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

253

tion, and we may put faith to a very great extent in his defi-
nitions or general conclusions in art, but we must never ask
of him too inquisitively, by what process they have been at-
tained, or request him to put us in a condition for the attain-
ment of similar conclusions for ourselves.

Now we are quite sure that the author of “ Imagination
and Fancy” would deny in a great measure the utility of
that analysis for which we contend—but he would deny it
just as a man born blind might be led to deny the utility of
light. A far greater than Leigh Hunt has, in fact, denied it
as far as he could, through implication, in the case of Lord
Verülam. We allude to Macaulay, who is at much pains to
detract from the wisest and brightest (we will not say the
meanest of mankind) on the ground that the inductive pro-
cesses of reason teach us to reason no better in teaching us
the modes in which we reason. It is Macaulay who maintains,
in other words, that a man is enabled to labor to no greater
advantage by any understanding of the tools with which
he labors, or of the material upon which his labor is bestow-
ed ! The reply to all this is, that Thomas Babington Macau-
lay is not a man of genius. He is a critic, but no more than a
critic. We grant that the “Lays of Ancient Rome” would
have received little or no improvement from any understand-
ing, on the part of their author, of the processes of thought
which enabled him to put them together. Their merit or
demerit, in fact, is quite independent of any such understand-
ing—the truth, after all, seeming to resolve itself into this—
that the value of the comprehension of which we speak, is
in the direct ratio of the creative ability which employs
or takes advantage of the comprehension. In this sense,
there are few who would deny that to Leigh Hunt the faculty
of analysis would be of greater moment than to Macaulay:—
and if we have expressed ourselves of the admirable work
before us less warmly than may seem fitting, it is not that
we fail to appreciate, or are unwilling to admit its merits,
but that we feel a sentiment half of grief half of vexation, at
perceiving how very narrowly it has missed being more meri-
torious, by a hundred fold at least, than it actually is, as we
now see it.

It would be doing our subject injustice not to give our
readers at least one extract from the volume. We choose
the concluding paragraphs of an answer to the query “ what
is poetry ?”

I cannot draw this essay towards its conclusion better than with
three memorable words of Milton; who has said, that poetry in com-
parison with science, is “ simple, sensuous, and passionate.” By sim-
ple, he means unperplexed and self-evident; by sensuous, genial and
full of Imagery; by passionate, excited and enthusiastic. I am
aware that different constructions have been put upon some of these
words; but the context seems to me to necessitate those before us. I
quote, however, not from the original, but from an extract in the Re-
marks on Paradise Lost by Richardson.

What the poet has to cultivate above all things is love and truth;—
what he has to avoid like poison, is the fleeting and the false. He
will get no good by proposing to be “ in earnest at the moment. His
earnestness must be innate and habitual; born with him, and felt to
be his most precious inheritance. “ I expect neither protit nor gene-
ral fame by my writings,” says Coleridge in his Preface to his Poems;
“ and I consider myself as having been amply repaid without either.
Poetry has been to me its ‘own exceeding great reward:' it has sooth-
ed my afflictions ; it has multiplied and refined my enjoyments; it has
endeared solitude ; it has given me the habit of wishing to discover
the good and the beautiful in all that meets and surrounds me.’ —Pick-

ering’s edition, p. 10.	

Poetry,” says Shelley, “ lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of
the world, and makes familiar objects be at if they were not familiar.
It reproduces all that it represents ; and the impersonations clothed
in its Elysian light stand thenceforward in the minds of those who
have once contemplated them, as memorials of that gentle and exalt-
ed content which extends itself over all thoughts and actions with
which it co-exists. The great secret of morals is love, or a going out
of our own nature, and an identification of ourselves with the beauti-
ful which exists in thought, action, or person, not our own. A man,
to be greatly good, must imagine intensely and comprehensively ; he
must put himself in the place of another, and of many others: the
pains and pleasures of hie species most become his own. The great
instrument of moral good is imagination ; and poetry administers to

the effect by acting upon the cause.”—Essays and Letters,vol. i. p. 16.

I would not willingly say anything after perorations like these ;
but as treatises on poetry may chance to have auditors who think
themselves called upon to vindicate the superiority of what is termed
useful knowledge, it may be as well to add, that if the poet may be
allowed to pique himself on any one thing more than another, com-
pared with those who undervalue him, it is on that power of underval-
ing nobody, and no attainments different from his own, which is giv-
en him by the very faculty of imagination they despise. The greater
includes the less. They do not see that their inability to comprehend
him argues the smaller capacity.

No man recognizes the worth of utility more than the poet: he only
desires that the meaning of the term may not come short of its great-
ness, and exclude the noblest necessities of his fellow-creatures. He
is quite as much pleased, for instance, with the facilities for rapid
conveyance afforded him by the railroad, as the dullest confiner of its
advantages to that single idea, or as the greatest two-idead man who
varies that single idea with hugging himself on his “ buttons” or his
good dinner. But he sees also the beauty of the country through
which he passes, of the towns, of the heavens, of the steam-engine it-
self, thundering and fuming along like a magic horse, of the affections
that are carrying, perhaps, half the passengers on their journey, nay,
of those of the great two-idead man ; and beyond all this, he discerns
the incalulable amount of good, and knowledge, and refinement, and
mutual consideration, which this wonderful invention is fitted to cir-
culate over the globe, perhaps to the displacement of war itself, and
certainly to the diffusion of millions of enjoyments.

“ And a button-maker, after all, invented it!” cries our friend.
Pardon me—it was a nobleman. A button-maker may be a very
excellent, and a very poetical man, too, and yet not have been the first
man visited by a sense of the gigantic powers of the combination of
water and fire. It was a nobleman who first thought of it,—a cap-
tain who first tried it,—and a button-maker who perfected it. And
he who put the nobleman on such thoughts, was the great philosopher
Bacon, who said that poetry had “ something divine in it,” and was
necessary to the satisfaction of the human mind.

Phreno-Mnemotechny; or the Art of Memory: the series of Lectures explana-
tory of the Principles of the System, delivered in New York and Phila-
delphia, in the banning of 1844, by Francis Fauvel Gouraud, D. E. S. of
the University of France. Now lirst published without alterations or
omissions, and with considerable additions in the practical application of
the System. New York and London : Wiley and Putnam.

This is a very large volume of nearly 700 octavo pages, and to pro-
nounce on it hastily would be something worse than folly. We merely
mentioned, in our last paper, the fact of the publication. Since then
we have given the whole a careful perusal, and have no hesitation in
declaring the work one of the most extraordinary ever issued in this
country or elsewhere. M. Gouraud is of that class of men who, through
intensity of enthusiasm, accomplish great things, but who again,
through the very peculiarity, or markedness, of this enthusiasm, excite
against them a thousand prejudices in the minds of the mass of man.
kind—who have usually a dislike to be startled by new propositions,

and cannot comprehend the possibility of a man’s being at once great
and what they think proper to denominate “ eccentric.”

The system of Mnemotechny invented by M. Gouraud compares
with those of Grey and Feinagle as Hyperion to Satyrs—and yet it
was the immortal Lalande who said he knew of nothing so profoundly
consequential as the system of Feinagle.

We are now merely speaking at random, for we intend to recur to
this subject again, and perhaps even again. We shall endeavor to
convey to our readers some idea of what this remarkable volume real-
ly is, without reference to any opinions of prejudiced persons respect-
ing it.	

The Farmer's and Emigrant's Guide-Book: being a full and complete

guide for the Farmer and the Emigrant. Comprising the clearing of for-
ests and prairie land, gardening, farming generally, farriery, cookery, and
the prevention and cure of diseases. With copious hints, recipes, and ta-
bles. By Josiah F. Marshall, author of the “ Emigrant’s Guide. Second
emtion, revised. Appleton & Co., 200 Broadway.

We have rarely seen a book that so fully redeemed the promise of
its title as does the “ Farmer’s and Emigrant’s Guide;" it contains di-
rections and recipes for every thing that a farmer or a farmer’s wife
would care to know, from the construction of a house down to direc-
tions for mixing buck-wheat cakes. One of the most novel among the
recipes is directions for making bread out of pine bark.

Voices of the Night- By H. W. Longfellow. Redding & Co., Boston.
Price 12 1-2 cents.

A neatly printed edition, in pamphlet form, of a book too univer-
sally known to require any comment.

A Practical Treatise on the Organic Diseases of the Uterus: being the prize es-

say to which the Medical Society of London awarded the Fothergillian

gold metal for 1843. By John B.W. Lever, M.D. New York: Burgess,

Stringer & Co. 1845. pp. 240.

The Mysteries of London. Translated from the French. By Henry C. Dem-
ing, Esq. New York: Burgess, Stringer & Co.

We have not read this work, but if any thing could induce us to do
so, it would be the name of the translator on the title-page, who has the

254

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

rare art in his translations, of preserving the spirit of the original lan-
guage, while he invests it with his own graceful and elegant style.

The Warwick Woods, or things as they were there ten years ago. By Frank
Forester. Henry William ilerbert. Philadelphia : Zieber & Co. 1845.

The essays in this little volume are already well known to the read-
ers of the New York Turf Register, and other sporting magazines;
and the popularity of the author’s name will doubtless give them a
wide circulation among readers in general.

The Westminster Review, for March has just been reprinted. Con-
tents : The French Political Economists; Shakspeare and his Editors;
Commercial Policy of England and Germany; Chronology of Egyptian
History ; Ship-Owners; Luuatic Asylums; and City Administration.
L. Scott & Co., 112 Fulton st.

THE FINE ARTS.

The Indian Guide.—A capital painting, of this name, has recently
been added to the collection of the Art-Union of this city. It is the work
of Charles Deas, formerly of New York, but at present residing in St.
Louis. Those who admired his “ Long Jake,” the Santa Fe trader,
will understand the merit of the "Indian Guide,” when we say that
it would form an admirable companion to that picture.

The Indian Guide is a half-breed; a tall gaunt figure, mounted on a
pony, moving at a rapid gallop across a prairie : there is no other figure
in sight, excepting an emigrant standing at his wagon in the extreme
distance. The pony must be a veritable portrait; he is as character-
istic in his hide and trappings as bis rider. He has been shorn of eve-
ry thing not essential to vitality—cars, mane, and tail; and his hide
has been branded by the marking iron of successive owners. The
Guide carries a long-barrelled fowling piece in his hand; and slung at
his back, there is some kind of game that he has just killed. The
purple sky, though apparently greatly exaggerated in color, is doubtless
true to nature, and it helps to give an air of mystery and wildness to
the whole composition.

Mr. Deas is not one of the ideal school; he loves to paint Nature as
he finds her, modestly doubting his ability to improve upon her mod-
els. Excepting Mount, he is the most purely American in his feelings
of any painter that we have produced. There is nothing foreign, no-
thing copied from other pictures in any of his compositions that we
have seen; every thing about them has an air of genuineness that
impresses you with the feeling of truth. Among the wild frontier men
of the West, Mr. Deas will find many subjects for his pencil, which, we
trust, will keep him well employed, and we hope to see many compan-
ions to “ Long Jake” and the “ Indian Guide.” Pictures of pure sa-
vage life, like those by Mr. Catlin, cannot excite our sympathies as
strongly as do the representations of beings who belong to our own
race. The Indian stands at an impassable remove from civilization,
but the half-breed forms a connecting link between the white and red
races; we feel a sympathy for the Indian Guide that we never could
for the painted savage, for we see that he has a tincture of our own
blood, and his trappings show that he has taken one step towards re-
finement and civilized life.

There is another picture of genuine American feeling just added to
the exhibition of the Art-Uuion, from an opposite extreme of the coun-
try to that from which the Indian Guide has come. A landscape by
Mr. Harry of Boston, representing an early snow scene at the head of
the Penobscot river. Though the river is frozen and the ground and
trees are covered with a frosty rime, there is a warm haze in the air
which looks like Indian summer. It is a very charming picture, infi-
nitely better than some others which we have seen by the same artist.

The National Academy.—The Annual Exhibition of this Institu-
tion was opened to the public on the 17th inst. From a hasty glance
at the pictures, we should say that there were more good ones than any
exhibition has contained since the first opening of the Academy. We
shall notice them at length next week.

MUSICAL REVIEW.

1.	The real Scotch Polka, as danced at the balls and opera houses of
Milan, Paris, Vienna, London, and arranged by Ricardo Linter.

2.	Variations sur la Valse Favorite de F. Schubert, (nomme
Schnsuchts, or Clara—Walzer de Beethoven) pour le piano, par Chas.
Mayer. (De St. Petersburg.)

3.	Annen, or the Maid of Elbekosteletz ; a song written to the popu-
lar Polka, composed by Strauss, arranged by James Clarke.

4.	Fantasie Brillante, for the piano-forte, on favorite subjects, from
Rossini’s Guillaume Tell, composed, arranged, and dedicated to Miss
Cordelia Kiddie, by James G. Maeder.

5.	’ Tis Eve on the Ocean. Song composed by Henry Russell.

6.	Street Hawthorn-den. A ballad written and composed by George
Linley.

7.	Cadence, Impromptu en forme d’Etude, pour le piano, executée
par l’Auteur à son Concert d’Adieu de Londres. Composée par Sigis-
mond Thalberg.

The whole of the above pieces are published by W. H. Oakes, and
for sale by E. H. Wade, 197 Washington street, Boston.

No. 1, is a set of Scotch Polkas, the airs of which are formed from
the real old Scotch tunes, put into Polka time. They are exceedingly
pretty Polkas, and are excellent for dancing. They are got out in the
most costly style, the title page, representing a couple in tartan, exe-
cuting one of the figures of the dance, is most gorgeously emblazoned
with gold and colors. It would be a beautiful embellishment to any
collection.

No. 2. The Theme on which these variations are founded, has been
generally attributed to Beethoven, but the Germans now give it to F.
Schubert. It is a lovely waltz, and it is but fair that the composer
should have just credit for the work. The variations by Charles Mey-
er, are chaste and elegant, and require a light finger and flexible wrist
to do them justice. The andante is extremely beautiful; the second
variation and the finale are brilliant and effective. On the whole, this
piece is worthy the attention of every amateur who possesses good
musical taste and a moderate degree of skill.

In the third bar of the theme the E in the bass should be marked
sharp.

No. 3. This is the celebrated Polka, composed by Strauss, to which
words have been adapted, descriptive of the grief of a young maiden,
who is forbidden to join in the sports of those of her own age, because
she has a lover and staid out rather late. A very hard case, to our
thinking.

At the back of the title-page there is an interesting account of the
supposed early origin and the authenticated modern resuscitation of
the Polka.

The name itself is claimed to be of Latin derivation, and from its
antiquity, the dance becomes as respectable as it is fascinating. We
should like to copy the whole of the veritable history, but must be
content to refer our readers to the song, which will recommend itself
very generally by its melodious and pleasing character.

No. 4 is a brilliant Fantasia, introducing two of the most popular
and pleasing airs from the Guillaume Tell of Rossini. The introduc-
tion is appropriate, giving a shadowing forth of one of the themes.
The airs and the variations are well arranged, very pleasing in their
character, and lay well under the finger- Mr. Maeder bas produced
a piece which will be very popular, because it is easy, and every one
has the themes by heart.

No. 5. A song by Mr. Henry Russell—one of his favorite waltz
movements, made up from many things, the principal ingredients being
three-eighths Strauss, two-eighths Auber, and the remainder selected
from the familiar common-place material, floating about and always
on hand. This mixture, alter having been well shaken up, resolves
itself into something very palatable, and peculiarly adapted to the
general taste. We shall not pretend to criticise this song, because
the absence of all thought from the composition renders it quite unne-
cessary. It is a difficult thing to analyse nothing.

We must, however, in fairness state, that by ingeniously dovetailing
a number of separate phrases, a so-called pretty melody has been pro-
duced, which will doubtless sell the song.

No. 6, is one of a thousand pleasing ballads from the prolific pen of
George Linley. This gentleman is both poet and musician, and has
produced some of the sweetest ballads in the language. Sweet Haw.
thorn-den is simple and expressive, and is to be commended for the
fact that there is no evidence of any straining after effect. It is well
suited to a light treble voice, or limited tenor voice, its compass only
reaching a ninth.

No. 7, is a charming study, by Thalberg, in A Minor. Unlike the

generality of this composer’s pieces, the one before us presents but few
difficulties. It is simply an accompanied air, which, by the bye
though of a mournful character, is not distinguished either for its
merit or its originality. This piece will be found a very capital exer-
cise, and especially adapted to strengthen the fingers of the right hand.
It is most admirably got out, with a very elegant title page. Indeed,
all the music published by Messrs. Oakes and Wade, of Boston, is dis-
tinguished by the excellence and elegance of its mechanical depart-
ment, both in the interior and the exterior of the works published. The
liberality and enterprise of these gentlemen fully merit the large pa-
tronage bestowed upon them by the public.

We shall notice the Social Minstrel, by David Paine of Boston, in
our next.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

255

MISCELLANY.

American Engravings in England.—A case has recently
occurred at the Custom-house, in London, which cannot fail to inter-
est many of our readers. Some lime ago a work was published in
New York, descriptive of the art of weaving, illustrated by a vast
number of prints, showing that process in all its stages. It appears
that the same work has been recently reprinted in London, by Wiley
and Putnam, and that its publishers have imported several prints, ex-
cuted in the United States, intending, as they state, to unite these for-
eign prints with the British letter press. The officers of the Customs
charged these prints with the separate duty of 1d. per print, of which
the parties complained to the Treasury, who referred the matter to
the Board of Trade. The latter board recommended the Treasury to
admit these prints at the duty of £2 10s. per cwt.,—that being the
amount of duty chargeable on books,—on the ground that, if the prints
had accompanied the letter press, they being subsidiary,—that is,
merely illustrative of the subject of the work,—they would have been
admissible as a book at the said duty, viz., at £2 10s.per cwt;  con-
sidering that the letter-press should not be put upon a worse footing
for having been printed in England than if it had been printed in the Uni-
ted States. But their lordships required evidence of the fact alleged,
namely, that the work in question has actually been printed in Eng-
land. The recommendation has been acted upon.

The Benfeit of Mr. Benj. F. Tryon, took place on Friday
(last) evening at the Olympic Theatre, with a new Farce by T. Pic-
ton Milner, under the title of “ Behind the Age.” Mr. Tryon belongs
to Young America: that is to say, the rising generation connected
with Theatres, Literature, the Arts, &c., &c., and Mr. Milner, we be-
lieve, begins to be known as the Juvenile Dramatist, and lays his ac-
count mainly with tapping the Reservoir of students at the University,
of which he is a graduate. Wherever there is a Theatre, Mr. Milner’s
round hat is sure to be seen.

Monumental Loaves.—At a late missionary meeting in

England, a speaker related the following anecdote, in illustration of
his remark that “ avarice never prospered any people.”

“ He remembered a baker that was very niggardly, and he was de-
sirous of repairing his oven. Well, how to do this on economical prin-
ciples was the desideratum. Fire bricks were costly, very costly.—
What could he get ? Oh, he had it! There were some grave stones,
which, if he could nicely get hold of, would suit very well. Could he
get them snugly, the job would soon be done. No matter how, but he
got hold of them, and immediately set to work at his oven. He en-
larged it, and flagged it with the fragments of grave-stones ; but with-
out thought, he placed the lettered side up. The 'baking day’ took
took place. His neighbors bought their loaves. Mind, they were not
in tins, but were oven-bottomed loaves, that is, the dough baked on
the oven bottom without tins. They were duly baked. The neigh-
bors fetched the loaves, but, astonishment! What magic ! On one
loaf was ‘ departed this life,’ on another, ‘aged seventy-six years,’
&c. The tale soon got out, and the baker was never troubled to bake
another, and soon was ruined. His covetousness punished himself,
and so it would be with all those professing but not acting with that
liberality that became Christians.”

Mr. Henry Phillips is in Boston. He sang in Neükomn’s
Oratorio of David at a Concert of the Handel and Haydn Society on
Sunday evening last. Signor Rapetti gave a concert there, Friday the
11th inst., assisted by the Misses Garcia. He is highly spoken of by
the papers.

An entertainment of a novel character has been produced
at the Melodeon, illustrating the evils resulting from capital punish-
ment. The papers speak very highly of the performance of the com-
pany, Miss Orville, Mr. Cunningham, &c., &c., but they could not
save the piece.

Niblo’s Gardens will soon open with a good English com-
pany, under the able direction of Mr. Chippendale. The entertain-
ments will, we believe, consist of sterling farces, and light musical
pieces. Miss Taylor is engaged there, with other efficient and popu-
lar talent.

The Seguins, with Mr. Frazer, commence an engagement
at the Park Theatre, early in the ensuing month.

The last Concert of the New York Philharmonic Society
takes place this evening, Saturday the 19th inst.

F RILEY & CO., No. 297 Broadway, (between

• Reade and Duane streets,) New York, Publishers of Music, and Man-
ufacturers of Musical Instruments, wholesale and retail. In addition to their
own catalogue, (one of the largest in the United States,) they keep on hand
the publications of all the principal Music houses. They are erecting a large
Saloon in the rear of their store, where Piano Fortes of a superior quality,
will be constantly kept on hand.

PIANO FORTES,

THE Subscribers, while returning thanks to their

 numerous friends, and to the public, would, at the same time, call atten-
tion to their Stock of Instruments, of six and seven octaves, just finished, in
elegant Rosewood and Mahogany cases.

The Subscribers, from their long experience in every department of the
business, have been enabled to add several important improvements to the
action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove, upon examina-
tion, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM.

361 Broadway.

Manufactory 13th St., between 3d and 4th Avenues.

N. B.—A good second-hand Piano Forte for sale.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

 Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as iron frames,
&c., with a compass of 6 1/2 and 7 octave-. They are made from choice mate-
rials and highly finished, with the most faithful workmanship, the result of
23 years experience in the business.

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO-FORTE MANUFACTURER,

88, 90, & 92 WALKER STREET, NEAR ELM.

A large stock of the finest Instruments always on hand.
TERMS MODERATE.

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, late Practical partner of

the old established firm of 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assort-
ment of the larest approved Grand Action P'iano Fortes, of the most superior
quality ; such as he is prepared to guarantee for their excellence of Tone,
Touch, and External Finish, and to endure in any climate. A liberal dis-
count from the standard prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano
Fortes aways on hire.

BERTINI’S METHOD FOR THE PIANO.

THIS is the only thorough, complete and progressive

 work yet published in this country. Where pupils have used this method
the most rapid advancement has been observed in all cases. The most prom-
inent feature of this work is that the lessons, exercises, scales and studies, are
given in such progressive order, that they enlist the interest of pupils, and
carry them almost imperceptibly through those mechanical difficulties which,
otherwise, are too often made irksome in other instruction books. The time
has arrived when a superficial knowledge of the Piano is of but little account,
and it is only by the study of such methods as Bertini’s that pupils will be en
abled to read music with facility, and at the same time become good musi
cians.

This method commences in the most plain and simple manner ; the rud-
ments of music being given and illustrated at the same time, and each lesson
is fully explained by marginal notes on the same page.

The publishers are in possession of the highest reccommendations from pro-
fessional gentleman, who speak of the superior merits of Bertini’s Method
over ail others yet published in this country, most of them having used the
foreign copies previously. It will only be necessary to give a few of the
names in the principal cities.

Boston.			New York.

Messrs. G. J. Webb		Messrs. H. C. Timm.

J. G. Maedar			W. Alpers.

H. T. Hach			U. C. Hill.

E. L. White			F. H. Brown.

David Paine			Philadelphia.

A. Kurek			B. C. Cross.

T. B. Moses.			Joseph Duggan.

Albany—O. J. Shaw.

Professors and Teachers are respectfully invited to examine the work.
American edition published by E. H. WADE and W. H. OAKES, 197 Wash-
ington street, Boston.

MITCHELL'S OLYMPIC THEATRE.

PERFORMANCES every evening, doors

open st Seven ; Curtain rises at half-past Seven.

Dress Circle, 50 Cents. Upper Boxes, 25 cents. Pit, 12 1-2 cents. Private
Boxes, $3. Box Office open every day.



THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published Monthly at Richmond, Va. ; price Five Dollars per Year.
THE MESSENGER has been established since 1835

A has a large subscription list among the élite of the Southern Aristocracy,
and is the principal organ of Southern opinion.	”

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, st the office of the “ Broadway Jour-
nal," 153 Broadway.

JOHN DOUGLAS,

BOOK AND JOB PRINTER,

No. 68 ANN STREET.

256

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

PRICE REDUCED TO $2 50.

THE WAVERLEY NOVELS.

Complete, 3340 pages for two dollars and a half.

CAREY & HART will publish this day, volume 1,—

Price 60 cents, of the Waverley Novels, with all the author’s latest notes
and additions, complete, without the slightest abridgment.

Volume one contains—Waveiley, Rob Roy, Guy Mannering, Black
Dwarf, Antiquary, Old Mortality, or less than ten cents for each novel.

The whole of the Waverley Novels to be completed in five royal 8vo. vo-
lumes, upwards of 650 pages in each volume, for Two Dollars and a half.
The publishers wish to be distinctly understood, that while the price is so
greatly reduced, the work is in no way abridged, but is carefully printed
from, and contains every word in the last Edinburgh edition, in forty-eight
volumes.

A volume containing at least five novels will be published every month,
and as the work is stereotyped, no delay can possibly occur.

The trade will please forward their orders without delay.

CAREY & HART, Philadelphia.

NEW WORKS,

RECEIVED BY RECENT ARRIVALS FROM LONDON.

MAXIMILIAN’S TRAVELS IN THE UNITED

STATES in the Years 1832—3—4. In two volumes. One in 4to. con-
taining the English letter-press and numerous fine Cuts; the other, in impe-
rial folio, consisting of Eighty exquisite Engravings, colored in imitation of
Drawings, and both volumes bound in Morocco. It is the cheapest and most
beautiful new work ever imported. But few copies remain unsold of the
English edition. Price much less than the foreign edition, which, although
not so well colored, sells for 800 francs in parts.

2, THE CLANS OF SCOTLAND, Part Eleven, and full sets of

the same as far as published, each part containing three finely colored plates,
Portraits of the Clans. 4to. $3 50.

3.	THE BEAUTY OF THE HEAVENS, small 4to. cloth. By
Charles F. Blunt. Containing 104 highly colored illustrations of the Hea-
vens. One copy only received, price $7 50.

4.	SUMMERLY’S FAIRY TALES, small 4to. with fine illus-
trations, consisting of the traditional Fairy Tales of Little Red Riding Hood,
Beauty and the Beast, and Jack and the Bean Stalk.

5.	THE NURSERY SUNDAY BOOK, intended to be read to

young Children. By a Lady. With pretty colored plates, small 4to.

HERALDRY—The Arms and Crests of Individuals of all nations,
furnished from authentic sources, and splendidly emblazoned. Genealogies
or Pedigrees arranged and illuminated on reasonable terms. Specimens to
be seen in the store, where orders are received.

April 18, 1845.	WM. A. COLMAN, 203 Broadway.

THIS DAY IS PUBLISHED,

No. IV. of

WILEY & PUTNAM’S

LIBRARY OF CHOICE READING,

CONTAINING “IMAGINATION AND FANCY.”

By Leigh Hunt. One thick volume, 12mo. beautifully printed, in Urge
clear type, on fine paper. 50 cents.

“There is no one who has more thoroughly brought out the sentiment of
ancient stories; we do not know a translator more thoroughly imbued with
the old classic spirit; there is no one who has made more happy or continu-
ous advances to the highest aims of poetry, or with whom the study and pur-
suit have been of a more genuine passion.

“ The volume is most justly to be called a 'feast of nectared sweets, where
no crude surfeit reigns.’ ”—London Examiner.

“ This is a delicious volume—a very bookfull of honey—it consists of ex-
tracts—most exquisite ‘bits’—from the British Poets, linked together in so
rare a style, that the setting is almost as valuable as the gems."

London Art Union.

“ Gray’s ideal of earthly happiness was to lie on a sofa and read perpetu-
ally new novels by Marivaux. For these substitute an endless series of
works like the present, and it would not be easy to imagine a more delightful
course of reading. A more useful book for forming the taste it would be im-
possible to conceive. We should always think better of the house where we
saw a well read copy of it lying about. It is a book equally fitted for the fire-
side and drawing-room table—a book to enjoy one’s self, and to talk of to
others, and to conjure up trains of pleasant thoughts and recollections with.—
Tait’s Magazine.

Published and for sale by

WILEY & PUTNAM; 161 Broadway.

DISEASES OF THE TEETH.

Washington, D. C., May, 1844.

THE neglect of the Teeth is the cause of much suffering
and regret, and should not be disregarded by the most thoughtless.
The undersigned having received the benefit of Dr. A.G. Bigelow’s
professional skill, and believing him well qualified in the science of
Dental Surgery, and an accomplished and skillful operator, we most
cheerfully certify to the ease and safety with which Dr. B. performs
the various and important operations, so essential to the usefulness,
durability, and beauty of the Teeth.

Hon. J. W. M. Berrien, Geo. Hon. John B. Dawson, La.
Joshua Herrick, Me.	John H. Lumpkin, Geo.

James Irvin, Pa.	J. Thompson, Miss.

Dr. A. G. Bigelow’s Office and Residence, 103 Liberty st., New York.

VANDENHOFF’S ELOCUTION.

A PLAIN SYSTEM OF ELOCUTION: OR, LOGI-

cal and Musical Reading and Declamation, with Exercises in Prose and
Verse, distinctly marked for the guidance of the Ear and Voice of the Pupil:
o which is added, AN APPENDIX, containing a copious Practice in Orator-
ical, Poetical, and Dramatic Reading and Recitation: the whole forming a
Complete Speaker, well adapted to private pupils, classes, and the use of
schools; by G. Vandenhoff, Professor of Elocution in the City of New
York. Second Edition.	Published by C. SHEPARD,

191 Broadway, opposite John at.

From the Rev. R. T. Huddart, (Classical Academy, Houston street.)

It affords me much pleasure to add my testimony to the value, importance,
and advantage of Mr. George Vandenhoff’s Work on Elocution. He has
aptly styled it “ a plain System such it truly is to those who will pursue
the instruction given, step by step; and cannot fail of producing a beneficial
and much wished for result in one of the departments of education so sadly
neglected—correct reading—devoid of vulgarities, and errors in articulation
and pronunciation. I hope the book will have a wide circulation, in order
that the good which it is capable of effecting may be thus more extensively
diffused, and a better system of instruction be afforded to the rising genera-
tion, in that which constitutes a most agreeable accomplishment in every
gentleman’s education, namely, “ Logical and Musical Declamation.”

(Signed)	R. Townsend Huddart.

New York, March 14, 1845.

From Mrs. Lawrence, (Academy, Stuyvesant Place.)

I have great pleasure in stating, that Mr. G. Vandenhofl’s work on Elocu-
tion has been used with so much success in my school, that I can safely re-
commend it to all, who may desire improvement in that elegant branch of
education ; as the most simple, clear and concise treatise on the subject; and
well adapted to the comprehension of any mind.

(signed)	Julia Lawrence.

March 8th, 1845.

From Jacob Le Roy, Esq., (Lafayette Place.)

Mr. Vandenhoff's Treatise on Elocution has been used by a Class of La-
dies at my house, and has been found in every way adapted to produce its
intended effect.	(Signed)	Jacob Le Roy.

24th March, 1845.

DISBROW’S RIDING SCHOOL,

NO. 408, BOWERY, near Astor and La Fayette

Places. New York.

Mr. D. has the honor to announce that his School is open Day and Even-
ing, for Equestrian Tuition and Exercise Riding.

TERMS:

Lecture Lessons.	Exercise Riding.

16 Lessons..............$15	00	1	Month.............$12 00

10	“	 10	00	20	Rides................10 	00

4	“	  5	00	10	“	 6	 00

Single Lessons............ 2 00 Single Rides............ 0 75

Road “	..............2 50

N. B.—Highly trained and quiet Horses for the Road or Parade, to let.
Evening Class.

12 Lesson#................$9 00 I 20 Rides.............£10 00

Single “ .................1 00 I Single Ride........* ... 0 76

 RULES :

1.	All Lessons or Rides paid for on commencing.

2.	One hour allow ed for each Lesson or Ride in the School.

3.	One hour and a half for a Lesson on the Road.

4.	Hours for Ladies, from 9 A. M. to 3 P. M.

5.	Hours for Gnetlemen, from 3 to 4, and from 7 to 9 1-2 P. M.

6.	No Gentlemen admitted during the hours appropriated to Ladies.

A card of address is requested previous to commencing.

N. B. Gentlemen keeping their horses at this establishment, will have the
privilege of riding them in the School gratis.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

The first Premium awarded five years by the American Institute for the
best Specimen of Off-hand Penmanship.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

NO. 589 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

 tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of one hour each. Terms Reduced to TWO DOLLARS
AND A HALF.

Double Entry Book-Keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough
course of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and
Stationery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 8 P. M. daily for gentlemen
and from 11 to 1 o’clock for ladies. Private instruction given.

For .ale “ Goldsmith’s Gems or Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

From the Courier and Enquirer, July 27. 1844.
Goldsmith’s Gems or Pennmansiiip.—The Chirographic art is
much more important to mankind than it is generally considered, and
Mr. Goldsmith may well claim to be considered at its head. The
volume before us exhibit, more taste and ingenuity, and higher proof,
of manual dexterity than we have ever seen before.

From the New York Express.

Goldsmith’. Gems or Penmanship—We have seen the original, as
executed by his own hand, and a more beautiful, and indeed a more
wonderful display of the power of that little instrument which is said
to be “ more potent than the sword,” we never witnessed before.

John Douglas, Printer, 68 Ann Street.