THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2,	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 27, 1845.	NO. 12.

Three Dollars per Annum.	Edited by	Published at 135 Nassau-st

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	      EDGAR A. POE and HENRY C. WATSON.	By JOHN BISCO.

The Forest Reverie.

’Tis said that when
The hands of men
Tamed this primeval wood,

And hoary trees with groans of wo,

Like warriors by an unknown foe,

Were in their strength subdued,

The virgin Earth
Gave instant birth
To springs that ne’er did flow.—

That in the sun
Did rivulets run

And all around rare flowers did blow—

The wild rose pale
Perfumed the gale

And the queenly Lily adown the dale
(Whom the Sun and the dew
And the winds did woo,)

With the gourd and the grape luxuriant grew.

So when in tears
The love of years
Is wasted like the snow.

And the fine fibrils of its life
By the rude wrong of instant strife
Are broken at a blow—

Within the heart
Do springs upstart
Of which it doth not know,

And strange, sweet dreams,

Like silent streams
That from new fountains overflow,

With the earlier tide
Of rivers glide

Deep in the heart whose hope has died—
Quenching the fires its ashes hide,—

Its ashes, whence will spring and grow
Sweet flowers, ere long,—

The rare and radiant flowers of Song!

A. M Ide.

Ligeia.

And the will therein lieth, which dieth not. Who knoweth the mysteries of
the will, with its vigor? For God is but a great will pervading all things by
nature of its intentness. Man doth not yield himself to the angels, nor unto
death utterly, save only through the weakness of his feeble will.

Joseph Glanvill.

I cannot, for my soul, remember how, when, or even pre-
cisely where, I first became acquainted with the lady
Ligeia. Long years have since elapsed, and my memory
is feeble through much suffering. Or, perhaps, I cannot
now bring these points to mind, because, in truth, the
character of my beloved, her rare learning, her singular
yet placid cast of beauty, and the thrilling and enthral-
ling eloquence of her low musical language, made their
way into my heart by paces so steadily and stealthily pro-
gressive that they have been unnoticed and unknown.
Yet I believe that I met her first and most frequently in

some large, old, decaying city near the Rhine. Of her
family—I have surely heard her speak. That it is of a
remotely ancient date cannot be doubted. Ligeia! Lige-
ia! Buried in studies of a nature more than all else adap-
ted to deaden impressions of the outward world, it is by
that sweet word alone—by Ligeia—that I bring before
mine eyes in fancy the image of her who is no more. And
now, while I write, a recollection flashes upon me that I
have never known the paternal name of her who was my
friend and my betrothed, and who became the partner of
my studies, and finally the wife of my bosom. Was it a
playful charge on the part of my Ligeia ? or was it a test
of my strength of affection, that I should institute no in-
quiries upon this point? or was it rather a caprice of my
own—a wildly romantic offering on the shrine of the most
passionate devotion? I but indistinctly recall the fact
itself—what wonder that I have utterly forgotten the cir-
cumstances which originated or attended it ? And, indeed,
if ever that spirit which is entitled Romance—if ever she,
the wan and the misty-winged Ashtophet of idolatrous
Egypt, presided, as they tell, over marriages ill-omened,
then most surely she presided over mine.

There is one dear topic, however, on which my memory
fails me not. It is the person of Ligeia. In stature she
was tall, somewhat slender, and, in her latter days, even
emaciated. I would in vain attempt to portray the maj-
esty, the quiet ease, of her demeanor, or the incomprehen-
sible lightness and elasticity of her footfall. She came
and departed as a shadow. I was never made aware of
her entrance into my closed study save by the dear music
of her low sweet voice, as she placed her marble hand
upon my shoulder. In beauty of face no maiden ever
equalled her. It was the radiance of an opium dream—
an airy and spirit-lifting vision more wildly divine than
the phantasies which hovered about the slumbering souls
of the daughters of Delos. Yet her features were not of
that regular mould which we have been falsely taught to
worship in the classical labors of the heathen. “ There is
no exquisite beauty,” says Bacon, Lord Verulam, speak-
ing truly of all the forms and genera of beauty, “without
some strangeness in the proportion.” Yet, although I
saw that the features of Ligeia were not of a classic reg-
ularity—although I perceived that her loveliness was in-

deed “ exquisite,” and felt that there was much of
“strangeness” pervading it, yet I have tried in vain to
detect the irregularity and to trace home my own percep-
tion of “ the strange.” I examined the contour of the lofty
and pale forehead—it was faultless—how cold indeed that
word when applied to a majesty so divine !—the skin riv-
alling the purest ivory, the commanding extent and repose,
the gentle prominence of the regions above the temples;
and then the raven-black, the glossy, the luxuriant and
naturally-curling tresses, setting forth the full force of the
Homeric epithet, “ hyacinthine !” I looked at the deli-
cate outlines of the nose—and nowhere but in the grace-

172

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ful medallions of the Hebrews had I beheld a similar per-
fection. There were the same luxurious smoothness of
surface, the same scarcely perceptible tendency to the
aquiline, the same harmoniously curved nostrils speak-
ing the free spirit. I regarded the sweet mouth. Here
was indeed the triumph of all things heavenly—the mag-
nificent turn of the short upper lip—the soft, voluptuous
slumber of the under—the dimples which sported, and the
color which spoke—the teeth glancing back, with a bril-
liancy almost startling, every ray of the holy light which
fell upon them in her serene and placid, yet most exult-
ingly radiant of all smiles. I scrutinized the formation
of the chin—and here, too, I found the gentleness of
breadth, the softness and the majesty, the fullness and the
spirituality, of the Greek—the contour which the God
Apollo revealed but in a dream, to Cleomenes, the son of
the Athenian. And then I peered into the large eyes of
Ligeia.

For eyes we have no models in the remotely antique.
It might have been, too, that in these eyes of my beloved
lay the secret to which Lord Verulam alludes. They
were, I must believe, far larger than the ordinary eyes of
our own race. They were even fuller than the fullest of
the gazelle eyes of the tribe of the valley of Nourjahad.
Yet it was only at intervals—in moments of intense excite-
ment—that this peculiarity became more than slightly
noticeable in Ligeia. And at such moments was her
beauty—in my heated fancy thus it appeared perhaps—
the beauty of beings either above or apart from the earth
—the beauty of the fabulous Houri of the Turk. The hue
of the orbs was the most brilliant of black, and, far over
them, hung jetty lashes of great length. The brows,
slightly irregular in outline, had the same tint. The
“strangeness,” however, which I found in the eyes, was
of a nature distinct from the formation, or the color, or
the brilliancy of the features, and must, after all, be re-
ferred to the expression. Ah, word of no meaning ! be-
hind whose vast latitude of mere sound we intrench our
ignorance of so much of the spiritual. The expression
of the eyes of Ligeia ! How for long hours have I pon-
dered upon it! How have I, through the whole of a
midsummer night, struggled to fathom it! What was it
—that something more profound than the well of Demo-
critus—which lay far within the pupils of my beloved ?
What was it? I was possessed with a passion to discov-
er. Those eyes ! those large, those shining, those divine
orbs ! they became to me twin stars of Leda, and I to
them devoutest of astrologers.

There is no point, among the many incomprehensible
anomalies of the science of mind, more thrillingly excit-
ing than the fact—never, I believe, noticed in the schools
—that, in our endeavors to recall to memory something
long forgotten, we often find ourselves upon the very verge
of remembrance, without being able, in the end, to remem-
ber. And thus how frequently, in my intense scrutiny of
Ligeia’s eyes, have I felt approaching the full knowledge
of their expression—felt it approaching—yet not quite be
mine—and so at length entirely depart! And (strange,
oh strangest mystery of all!) I found, in the commonest
objects of the universe, a circle of analogies to that ex-
pression. I mean to say that, subsequently to the period
when Ligeia’s beauty passed into my spirit, there dwel-
ling as in a shrine, I derived, from many existences in the
material world, a sentiment such as I felt always around
within me by her large and luminous orbs. Yet not the
more could I define that sentiment, or analyze, or even

steadily view it. I recognized it, let me repeat, some-
times in the survey of a rapidly-growing vine—in the
contemplation of a moth, a butterfly, a chrysalis, a stream
of running water. I have felt it in the ocean ; in the fal-
ling of a meteor. I have felt it in the glances of unusu-
ally aged people. And there are one or two stars in heav-
en—(one especially, a star of the sixth magnitude, double
and changeable, to be found near the large star in Lyra)
in a telescopic scrutiny of which I have been made aware
of the feeling. I have been filled with it by certain sounds
from stringed instruments, and not unfrequently by passa-
ges from books. Among innumerable other instances, I
well remember something in a volume of Joseph Glanvill,
which (perhaps merely from its quaintness—who shall
say?) never failed to inspire me with the sentiment;—
“ And the will therein lieth, which dieth not. Who
knoweth the mysteries of the will, with its vigor ? For
God is but a great will pervading all things by nature of
its intentness. Man doth not yield him to the angels, nor
unto death utterly, save only through the weakness of his
feeble will.”

Length of years, and subsequent reflection, have enabled
me to trace, indeed, some remote connection between this
passage in the English moralist and a portion of the char-
acter of Ligeia. An intensity in thought, action, or
speech, was possibly, in her, a result, or at least an index,
of that gigantic volition which, during our long inter-
course, failed to give other and more immediate evidence
of its existence. Of all the women whom I have ever
known, she, the outwardly calm, the ever-placid Ligeia,
was the most violently a prey to the tumultuous vultures
of stern passion. And of such passion I could form no
estimate, save by the miraculous expansion of those eyes
which at once so delighted and appalled me—by the al-
most magical melody, modulation, distinctness and pla-
cidity of her very low voice—and by the fierce energy
(rendered doubly effective by contrast with her manner of
utterance) of the wild words which she habitually ut-
tered.

I have spoken of the learning of Ligeia: it was im-
mense—such as I have never known in woman. In the
classical tongues was she deeply proficient, and as far as
my own acquaintance extended in regard to the modern
dialects of Europe, I have never known her at fault. In-
deed upon any theme of the most admired, because simply
the most abstruse of the boasted erudition of the acade-
my, have I ever found Ligeia at fault? How singularly
—how thrillingly, this one point in the nature of my wife
has forced itself, at this late period only, upon my atten-
tion! I said her knowledge was such as I have never
known in woman—but where breathes the man who has
traversed, and successfully, all the wide areas of moral,
physical, and mathematical science ? I saw not then
what I now clearly perceive, that the acquisitions of Li-
geia were gigantic, were astounding ; yet I was suffi-
ciently aware of her infinite supremacy to resign myself,
with a child-like confidence, to her guidance through the
chaotic world of metaphysical investigation at which I
was most busily occupied during the earlier years of our
marriage. With how vast a triumph—with how vivid a
delight—with how much of all that is ethereal in hope—
did I feel, as she bent over me in studies but little sought
—but less known—that delicious vista by slow degrees
expanding before me, down whose long, gorgeous, and all
untrodden path, I might at length pass onware to the goal
of a wisdom too divinely precious not to be forbidden !

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

173

How poignant, then, must have been the grief with
which, after some years, I beheld'.my well-grounded ex-
pectations take wings to themselves and fly away ! With-
out Ligeia I was but as a child groping benighted. Her
presence, her readings alone, rendered vividly luminous
the many mysteries of the transcendentalism in which we
were immersed. Wanting the radiant lustre of her eyes,
letters, lambent and golden, grew duller than Saturnian
lead. And now those eyes shone less and less frequently
upon the pages over which I pored. Ligeia grew ill.
The wild eyes blazed with a too—too glorious effulgence ;
the pale fingers became of the transparent waxen hue of
the grave, and the blue veins upon the lofty forehead
swelled and sank impetuously with the tides of the most
gentle emotion. I saw that she must die—and I struggled
desperately in spirit with the grim Azrael. And the strug-
gles of the passionate wife were, to my astonishment,
even more energetic than my own. There had been much
in her stern nature to impress me with the belief that, to
her, death would have come without its terrors ;—but not
so. Words are impotent to convey any just idea of the
fierceness of resistance with which she wrestled with the
Shadow. I groaned in anguish at the pitiable spectacle.

I would have soothed—I would have reasoned ; hut, in the
intensity of her wild desire for life,—for life—but for life
—solace and reason were alike the uttermost of folly. Yet
not until the last instance, amid the most convulsive writh-
ings of her fierce spirit, was shaken the external placidity
of her demeanor. Her voice grew more gentle—grew more
low—yet I would not wish to dwell upon the wild meaning
of the quietly uttered words. My brain reeled as I
hearkened entranced, to a melody more than mortal—to
assumptions and aspirations which mortality had never
before known.

That she loved me I should not have doubted ; and I
might have been easily a ware that, in a bosom such as hers,
love would have reigned no ordinary passion. But in
death only, was I fully impressed with the strength of her
affection. For long hours, detaining my hand, would she
pour out before me the overflowing of a heart whose more
than passionate devotion amounted to idolatry. How had
I deserved to be so blessed by such confessions?—how had
I deserved to be so cursed with the removal of my beloved
in the hour of her making them? But upon this subject I
cannot hear to dilate. Let me say only, that in Ligeia’s
more than womanly abandonment to a love, alas! all un-
merited, all unworthily bestowed, I at length recognized
the principle of her longing with so wildly earnest a de-
sire for the life which was how fleeing so rapidly away.
It is this wild longing—it is this eager vehemence of de-
sire for life—but for life—that I have no power to portray
—no utterance capable of expressing.

At high noon of the night in which she departed, beck-
oning me, peremptorily, to her side, she bade me repeat
certain verses composed by herself not many days before.

I obeyed her.—They were these:

Lo! ’tis a gala night

Within the lonesome latter years!

An angel throng, bewinged, bedight
In veils, and drowned in tears,

Sit in a theatre, to see

A play of hopes and fears,

While the orchestra breathes fitfully
The music of the spheres.

Mimes, in the form of God on high,

Mutter and mumble low,

And hither and thither fly—

Mere puppets they, who come and go
At bidding of vast formless things
That shift the scenery to and fro,

Flapping from out their Condor wings
Invisible Wo!

That motley drama !—oh, be sure
It shall not be forgot!

With its Phantom chased forevermore,

By a crowd that seize it not,

Through a circle that ever returneth in
To the self-same spot,

And much of Madness and more of Sin,

And Horror the soul of the plot.

But see, amid the mimic rout,

A crawling shape intrude!

A blood-red thing that writhes from out
The scenic solitude!

It writhes!—it writhes!—with mortal pangs
The mimes become its food,

And the seraphs sob at vermin fangs
In human gore imbued.

Out—out are the lights—out all!

And over each quivering form,

The curtain, a funeral pall,

Comes down with the rush of a storm
And the angels, all pallid and wan,

Uprising, unveiling, affirm
That the play is the tragedy, “ Man,”

And its hero the Conqueror Worm.

“O God!” half shrieked Ligeia, leaping to her feet
and extending her arms aloft with a spasmodic movement,
as I made an end of these lines—“O God! O Divine
Father!—shall these things be undeviatingly so ?—shall
this Conqueror be not once conquered ? Are we not
part and parcel in Thee ? Who—who knoweth the mys-
teries of the will with its vigor ? Man doth not yield
him to the angels, nor unto death utterly, save only
through the weakness of his feeble will.”

And now, as if exhausted with emotion, she suffered
her white arms to fall, and returned solemnly to her bed
of Death. And as she breathed her last sighs, there came
mingled with them a low murmur from her lips. I bent
to them my ear and distinguished, again, the concluding
words of the passage in Glanvill—“ Man doth not yield
him to the angels, nor unto death utterly, save only
through the weakness of his feeble will."

She died ;—and I, crushed into the very dust with sorrow,
could no longer endure the lonely desolation of my dwel-
ling in the dim and decaying city by the Rhine. I had
no lack of what the world calls wealth. Ligeia had
brought me far more, very far more than ordinarily falls
to the lot of mortals. After a few months, therefore, of
weary and aimless wandering, I purchased, and put in
some repair, an abbey, which I shall not name, in one of
the wildest and least frequented portions of fair England.
The gloomy and dreary grandeur of the building, the al-
most savage aspect of the domain, the many melancho-
ly and time-honored memories connected with both, had
much in unison with the feelings of utter abandonment
which had driven me into that remote and unsocial region
of the country. Yet although the external abbey, with
its verdant decay hanging about it, suffered but little al-
teration, I gave way, with a child-like perversity, and
perchance with a faint hope of alleviating my sorrows,
to a display of more than regal magnificence within.—
For such follies, even in childhood, I had imbibed a taste

174

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

and now they came back to me as if in the dotage of
grief. Alas, I feel how much even of incipient madness
might have been discovered in the gorgeous and fantastic
draperies, in the solemn carvings of Egypt, in the wild
cornices and furniture, in the Bedlam patterns of the car-
pets of tufted gold! I had become a bounden slave in
the trammels of opium, and my labors and my orders had
taken a coloring from my dreams. But these absurdities
I must not pause to detail. Let me speak only of that
one chamber, ever accursed, whither in a moment of men-
tal alienation, I led from the altar as my bride—as the
successor of the unforgotten Ligeia—the fair-haired and
blue-eyed Lady Rowena Trevanion, of Tremaine.

There is no individual portion of the architecture and
decoration of that bridal chamber which is not now visi-
bly before me. Where were the souls of the haughty
family of the bride, when, through thirst of gold, they
permitted to pass the threshold of an apartment so be-
decked, a maiden and a daughter so beloved ? I have
said that I minutely remember the details of the cham-
ber—yet I am sadly forgetful on topics of deep moment
—and here there was no system, no keeping, in the fan-
tastic display, to take hold upon the memory. The room
lay in a high turret of the castellated abbey, was penta-
gonal in shape, and of capacious size. Occupying the
whole southern face of the pentagon was the sole win-
dow—an immense sheet of unbroken glass from Venice
—a single pane, and tinted of a leaden hue, so that the
rays of either the sun or moon, passing through it, fell
with a ghastly lustre on the objects within. Over the
upper portion of this huge window, extended the trellice-
work of an aged vine, which clambered up the massy
walls of the turret. The ceiling, of gloomy-looking oak,
was excessively lofty, vaulted, and elaborately fretted
with the wildest and most grotesque specimens of a semi-
Gothic, semi-Druidical device. From out the most cen-
tral recess of this melancholy vaulting, depended, by a
single chain of gold with long links, a huge censer of the
same metal, Saracenic in pattern, and with many perfora-
tions so contrived that there writhed in and out of them,
as if endued with a serpent vitality, a continual succes-
sion of parti-colored fires.

Some few ottomans and golden candelabra, of Eastern
figure, were in various stations about—and there was the 
couch, too—the bridal couch—of an Indian model, and
low, and sculptured of solid ebony, with a pall-like cano-
py above. In each of the angles of the chamber stood
on end a gigantic sarcophagus of black granite, from the
tombs of the kings over against Luxor, with their aged
lids full of immemorial sculpture. But in the draping of 
the apartment lay, alas ! the chief phantasy of all. The
lofty walls, gigantic in height—even unproportionably so
—were hung from summit to foot, in vast folds, with a
heavy and massive-looking tapestry—tapestry of a ma-
terial which was found alike as a carpet on the floor, as
a covering for the ottomans and the ebony bed, as a cano-
py for the bed, and as the gorgeous volutes of the cur-
tains which partially shaded the window. The material
was the richest cloth of gold. It was spotted all over, at
irregular intervals, with arabesque figures, about a foot
in diameter, and wrought upon the cloth in patterns of
the most jetty black. But these figures partook of the
true character of the arabesque only when regarded from
a single point of view. By a contrivance now common,
and indeed traceable to a very remote period of antiqui-
ty, they were made changeable in aspect. To one enter-

ing the room, they bore the appearance of simple mon-
strosities ; but upon a farther advance, this appearance
gradually departed ; and step by step, as the visiter mov-
ed his station in the chamber, he saw himself surrounded
by an endless succession of the ghastly forms which be-
long to the superstition of the Norman, or arise in the
guilty slumbers of the monk. The phantasmagoric effect
was vastly heightened by the artificial introduction of a
strong continual current of wind behind the draperies—
giving a hideous and uneasy animation to the whole.

In halls such as these—in a bridal chamber such as
this—I passed, with the Lady of Tremaine, the unhal-
lowed hours of the first month of our marriage—passed
them with but little disquietude. That my wife dreaded
the fierce moodiness of my temper—that she shunned me
and loved me but little—I could not help perceiving ; but
it gave me rather pleasure than otherwise. I loathed
her with a hatred belonging more to demon than to man.
My memory flew back, (oh, with what intensity of re-
gret !) to Ligeia, the beloved, the august, the beautiful,
the entombed. I revelled in recollections of her purity,
of her wisdom, of her lofty, her ethereal nature, of her
passionate, her idolatrous love. Now, then, did my spirit
fully and freely burn with more than all the fires of her
own. In the excitement of my opium dreams (for I was
habitually fettered in the shackles of the drug) I would
call aloud upon her name, during the silence of the night,
or among the sheltered recesses of the glens by day, as
if, through the wild eagerness, the solemn passion, the
consuming ardor of my longing for the departed, I could
restore her to the pathway she had abandoned—ah, could
it be forever?—upon the earth.

About the commencement of the second month of the
marriage, the Lady Rowena was attacked with sudden
illness, from which her recovery was slow. The fever
which consumed her rendered her nights uneasy ; and in
her pertubed state of half-slumber, she spoke of sounds,
and of motions, in and about the chamber of the turret,
which I concluded had no origin save in the distemper of
her fancy, or perhaps in the phantasmagoric influences
of the chamber itself. She became at length convales-
cent—finally well. Yet but a brief period elapsed, ere a
second more violent disorder again threw her upon a bed
of suffering; and from this attack her frame, at all times
feeble, never altogether recovered. Her illnesses were,
after this epoch, of alarming character, and of more
alarming recurrence, defying alike the knowledge
and the great exertions of her physicians. With
the increase of the chronic disease which had thus,
apparently, taken too sure hold upon her constitu-
tion to be eradicated by human means, I could not
fail to observe a similar increase in the nervous irritation
of her temperament, and in her excitability by trivial
causes of fear. She spoke again, and now more frequent-
ly and pertinaciously, of the sounds—of the slight sounds
—and of the unusual motions among the tapestries, to
which she had formerly alluded.

One night, near the closing in of September, she pres-
sed this distressing subject with more than usual empha-
sis upon my attention. She had just awakened from an
unquiet slumber, and I had been watching, with feelings
half of anxiety, half of a vague terror, the workings of
her emaciated countenance. I sat by the side of her
ebony bed, upon one of the ottomans of India. She part-
ly arose, and spoke, in an earnest low whisper, of sounds
which she then heard, but which I could not hear—of

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

175

motions which she then saw, but which I could not per-
ceive. The wind was rushing hurriedly behind the ta-
pestries, and I wished to show her (what, let me confess
it, I could not all believe) that those almost inarticulate
breathings, and those very gentle variations of the figures
upon the wall, were but the natural effects of that custo-
mary rushing of the wind. But a deadly pallor, over-
spreading her face, had proved to me that my exertions
to reassure her would be fruitless. She appeared to be
fainting, and no attendants were within call. I remem-
bered where was deposited a decanter of light wine which
had been ordered by her physicians, and hastened across
the chamber to procure it. But, as I stepped beneath the
light of the censer, two circumstances of a startling na-
ture attracted my attention. I had felt that some palpa-
ble although invisible object had passed lightly by my
person ; and I saw that there lay upon the golden carpet,
in the very middle of the rich lustre thrown from the
censer, a shadow—a faint, indefinite shadow of angelic
aspect—such as might be fancied for the shadow of a
shade. But I was wild with the excitement of an immo-
derate dose of opium, and heeded these things but little,
nor spoke of them to Rowena. Having found the wine,
I recrossed the chamber, and poured out a goblet-ful,
which I held to the lips of the fainting lady. She had
now partially recovered, however, and took the vessel
herself, while I sank upon an ottoman near me, with ray
eyes fastened upon her person. It was then that I became
distinctly aware of a gentle foot-fall upon the carpet, and
near the couch; and in a second thereafter, as Rowena
Was in the act of raising the wine to her lips, I saw, or
may have dreamed that I saw, fall within the goblet, as
if from some invisible spring in the atmosphere of the
room, three or four large drops of a brilliant and ruby
colored fluid. If this I saw—not so Rowena. She swal-
lowed the wine unhesitatingly, and I forbore to speak to
her of a circumstance which must, after all, I consider-
ed, have been but the suggestion of a vivid imagination,
rendered morbidly active by the terror of the lady, by
the opium, and by the hour.

Yet I cannot conceal it from my own perception that,
immediately subsequent to the fall of the ruby-drops, a
rapid change for the worse took place in the disorder of
my wife ; so that, on the third subsequent night, the hands
of her menials prepared her for the tomb, and on the
fourth, I sat alone, with her shrouded body, in that fan-
tastic chamber which had received her as my bride.—
Wild visions, opium-engendered, flitted, shadow-like, be-
fore me. I gazed with unquiet eye upon the sarcophagi
in the angles of the room, upon the varying figures of the
draperry, and upon the writhing of the parti-colored fires
in the censer overhead. My eyes then fell, as I called to
mind the circumstances of a former night, to the spot be-
neath the glare of the censer where I had seen the faint
traces of the shadow. It was there, however, no longer;
and breathing with greater freedom, I turned my glances
to the pallid and rigid figure upon the bed. Then rushed
upon me a thousand memories of Ligeia—and then came
back upon my heart, with the turbulent violence of a
flood, the whole of that unutterable wo with which I had
regarded her thus enshrouded. The night waned; and
still, with a bosom full of bitter thoughts of the one only
and supremely beloved, I remained gazing upon the body
of Rowena.

It might have been midnight, or perhaps earlier, or
later, for I had taken no note of time, when a sob, low,

gentle, but very distinct, startled me from my revery.—
I felt that it came from the bed of ebony—the bed of
death. I listened in an agony of superstitious terror—hut
there was no repetition of the sound. I strained my vis-
ion to detect any motion in the corpse—but there was not
the slightest perceptible. Yet I could not have been de-
ceived. I had heard the noise, however faint, and my
soul was awakened within me. I resolutely and perse-
veringly kept my attention riveted upon the body. Many
minutes elapsed before any circumstance occurred tend-
ing to throw light upon the mystery. At length it be-
came evident that a slight, a very feeble, and barely no-
ticeable tinge of color had flushed up within the cheeks,
and along the sunken small veins of the eyelids. Through
a species of unutterable horror and awe, for which the
language of mortality has no sufficiently energetic expres-
sion, I felt my heart cease to beat, my limbs grow rigid
where I sat. Yet a sense of duty finally operated to res-
tore my self-possession. I could no longer doubt that we
had been precipitate in our preparations—that Rowena
still lived. It was necessary that some immediate exer-
tion be made ; yet the turret was altogether apart from
the portion of the abbey tenanted by the servants—there
were none within call—I had no means of summoning
them to my aid without leaving the room for many mi-
nutes—and this I could not venture to do. I therefore
struggled alone in my endeavors to call back the spirit
still hovering. In a short period it was certain, however,
that a relapse had taken place ; the color disappeared
from both eyelid and cheek, leaving a wanness even more
than that of marble ; the lips became doubly shrivelled
and pinched up in the ghastly expression of death; a re-
pulsive clamminess and coldness overspread rapidly the
surface of the body ; and all the usual rigorous stiffness
immediately supervened. I fell back with a shudder upon
the couch from which I had been so startlingly aroused,
and again gave myself up to passionate waking visions of
Ligeia.

An hour thus elapsed when (could it be possible ?) I was
a second time aware of some vague sound issuing from
the region of the bed. I listened—in extremity of hor-
ror. The sound came again—it was a sigh. Rushing to
the corpse, I saw—distinctly saw—a tremor upon the lips.
In a minute afterward they relaxed, disclosing a bright
line of the pearly teeth. Amazement now struggled in
my bosom with the profound awe which had hitherto
reigned there alone. I felt that my vision grew dim,
that my reason wandered ; and it was only by a violent
effort that I at length succeeded in nerving myself to the
task which duty thus once more had pointed out. There
was now a partial glow upon the forehead and upon the
cheek and throat; a perceptible warmth pervaded the
whole frame ; there was even a slight pulsation at the
heart. The lady lived ; and with redoubled ardor I be-
took myself to the task of restoration. I chafed and
bathed the temples and the hands, and used every exer-
tion which experience, and no little medical reading,
could suggest. But in vain. Suddenly, the color fled,
the pulsation ceased, the lips resumed the expression of
the dead, and, in an instant afterward, the whole body
took upon itself the icy chilliness, the livid hue, the in-
tense rigidity, the sunken outline, and all the loathsome
peculiarities of that which has been, for many days, a te-
nant of the tomb.

And again I sunk into visions of Ligeia—and again,
(what marvel that I shudder while I write ?) again there

176

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

reached my ears a low sob from the region of the ebony
bed. But why shall I minutely detail the unspeakable
horrors of that night ? Why shall I pause to relate how,
time after time, until near the period of the gray dawn,
this hideous drama of revivication was repeated ; how
each terrific relapse was only into a sterner and apparently
more irredeemable death ; how each agony wore the as-
pect of a struggle with some invisible foe ; and how each
struggle was succeeded by I know not what of wild
change in the personal appearance of the corpse ? Let
me hurry to a conclusion.

The greater part of the fearfnl night had worn away,
and she who had been dead, once again stirred—and now
more vigorously than hitherto, although arousing from a
dissolution more appalling in its utter hopelessness than
any. I had long ceased to struggle or to move, and re-
mained sitting rigidly upon the ottoman, a helpless prey
to a whirl of violent emotions, of which extreme awe
was perhaps the least terrible, the least consuming. The
corpse, I repeat, stirred, and now more vigorously than
before. The hues of life flushed up with unwonted ener-
gy into the countenance—the limbs relaxed—and, save
that the eyelids were yet pressed heavily together, and
that the bandages and draperies of the grave still impart-
ed their charnel character to the figure, I might have
dreamed that Rowena had indeed shaken off, utterly, the
fetters of Death. But if this idea was not, even then, al-
together adopted, I could at least doubt no longer, when,
arising from the bed, tottering, with feeble steps, with
closed eyes, and with the manner of one bewildered in a
dream, the thing that was enshrouded advanced boldly
and palpably into the middle of the apartment.

I trembled not—I stirred not—for a crowd of unutterable
fancies connected with the air, the stature, the demeanor
of the figure, rushing hurridly through ray brain, had par-
alyzed—had chilled me into stone. I stirred not—but
gazed upon the apparition. There was a mad disorder in
my thoughts—a tumult unappeasable. Could it, indeed,
be the living Rowena who confronted me ? Could it indeed
be Rowena at all—the fair-haired, the blue-eyed Lady
Rowena Trevanion of Tremaine ? Why, why should I
doubt it ? The bandage lay heavily about the mouth—but
then might it not be the mouth of the breathing Lady of
Tremaine ? And the cheeks—there were the roses as in
her noon of life—yes, these might indeed be the fair cheeks
of the living Lady of Tremaine. And the chin, with its
dimples, as in health, might it not be hers ?—but had she
then grown taller since her malady ? What inexpressible
madness seized me with that thought ? One bound, and I
had reached her feet! Shrinking from my touch, she let
fall from her head, unloosened,the ghastly cerements which
had confined it, and there streamed forth, into the rushing
atmosphere of the chamber, huge masses of long and dis-
shevelled hair ; it was blacker than the raven wings of the
midnight ! And now slowly opened the eyes of the figure
which stood before me. “ Here then, at least,” I shrieked
aloud, “ can I never—can I never be mistaken—these arc
the full, and the black, and the wild eyes—of my lost love
—of the lady—of the Lady Ligeia!”                  Edgar A. Poe.

The Bread-Snatcher.

For two whole days we had no food;

For dark, gigantic Want
Beside our cold hearth-stone sat down,
With Hunger, grim and gaunt.

My wife and children made no moan,

Nor spoke a single word ;

Yet in the chamber of my heart,

Their hearts’ complaint I heard.

Awearied by their weary eyes,

I left the house of wo,

And in the dusty village street
I paced me to and fro.

I stopped me at the baker’s shop,

Wherein my eyes could see
The great, round loaves of wheaten bread
Look temptingly on me.

“My children shall not starve!” I cried—
The famine in me burned—

I slyly snatched a loaf of bread,

When the baker’s back was turned.

I hurried home with eager feet,

And there displayed my prize;

While Joy, so long afar from us,

Came back and lit our eyes.

To fragments in our hunger fierce
That sweet, sweet loaf we tore;

And gathered afterwards the crumbs,

From off the dusty floor.

While yet our mouths were full, there came
A knock which made us start;

I spoke not, yet I felt the blood
Grow thicker at my heart.

The latch was raised, and in there came
The neighbors with a din;

They said I stole the baker’s bread,

Which was a grievous sin.

They toot me to the judge who said
’Twas larceny—no less;

And doomed me to the gloomy jail
For wanton wickedness.

He asked me why the penalty
Of guilt should not be paid ;

And when I strove to state the case,

He laughed at what I said.

Then growing grave, he rated me
And told me it was time
To check the vices of the poor,

And stop the spread of crime.

In jail for three long months I lay—

Three months of bitter wo—

And then they opened wide the door
And told me I might go.

From out the prison I did not walk
But ran, with trembling feet,

Down through tfie hall and past the door,
And up the busy street.

My feet had scarce devoured ten roda
Of ground, before a hearse,

Came slowly on with coffins three—

Each coffin with a corse.

I asked the driver as he sung,

Therein who might he bear;

He answered not, but stopped his voice,
And on me fixed a stare.

The one beside him turned his head,

And when the hearse had past,

1 heard him to the other say—

“His brain is turned, at last!”

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

17 7

I heeded not—I hastened home
And entered in my door,

Where Silence like a snake crept out
And slimed along the floor.

Our old cat from the corner came
And crooked her back and cried;

I stooped me down and stroked her hair,

And then I stood and sighed.

I left the house and sought the street—

My mind was growing wild;

And playing with a pile of dust,

I saw a chubby child.

"Come hither, my little dear,” said I,

“Where did the people go,

Who lived within yon empty house,

Two years or nearly so ?”

Then spake outright the little child,

While I grew deadly pale—

“The man, sir, was a wicked thief,

And he was sent to jail.

“His wife and children hid themselves,

But they were found to-day,

And in the gloomy poor-house hearse
Were taken far away.

“They say, they never will come back,

Because the three are dead—

But was it not a wicked thing

For THE MAN TO STEAL THE BREAD ?”

Thomas Dunn English.

Critical Notices.

The Prose Works of John Milton, with a Biographical In-
troduction by Rufus Wilmot Griswold. In Two Vol-
umes. Philadelphia : Herman Hooker.

Dr. Griswold deserves the thanks of his countrymen
for what he has here done:—it certainly is no credit to
us, either as republicans or reverers of the true and noble
in Literature, that no edition of the Prose Works of John
Milton has hitherto been issued in America. Indepen-
dently of the subject-matter, his treatises are among the
roost remarkable ever written. Their mere style (we
use the word in its widest sense) is absolutely unrivalled.
It is a very difficult thing, indeed, to decide properly on
the style of a period so remote as that of Milton; we are
perpetually misled in our judgment, by the impossibility
of identifying ourselves with the writers—of inducing
a full sympathy with the circumstances which impelled
them, and thus with the objects for which they wrote—
the ends proposed in composition. In fact, it is only by
the degree of its adjustment to the result intended, that
any style can be justly commended as good or condemned
as bad. But, folding in view this adjustment, and mak-
ing the necessary allowances for lapses, effected through
"Time, in the language, we feel ourselves fully warranted
in saying, that no man has ever surpassed, if, indeed, any
roan has ever equalled the author of the “ Areopagitica”
in purity—in force—in copiousness—in majesty—or, in
what may be termed without the least exaggeration, a
gorgeous magnificence of style. Some of his more di-
rectly controversial works rise at times into a species of
lyrical rhapsody—divinely energetic—constituting for it-
self a department of composition which is neither prose
nor poetry, but something with all the best qualities of
each, and upon the whole superior to either.

These two large volumes contain nearly all the prose

 works of Milton. We say nearly ; for there is an unwar-
 rantable omission in “ The Christian Doctrine.” Of the
authenticity of this treatise there can be no doubt. It
was found in 1823, by Mr. Lemon, Deputy Keeper of the
State Papers, in the course of some researches among his
book-shelves. It was a Latin MS. enveloped with
some foreign despatches in Milton’s own hand, and su-
perscribed “ To Mr. Skinner, Merchant.” According to
Toland, this treatise was finished by its author soon after
the Restoration :—a host of concurring circumstances ren-
der its genuineness certain. Its value depends chiefly on
the curious developments it affords in relation to the
poet’s Arianism and opinions about polygamy—but its
Latinity is so peculiarly forcible and fluent, in spite of
the difficulties of the matter handled, that, on this score
alone, the treatise demands insertion in any and every
collection of the author’s prose: it should be left untrans-
lated, of course: Dr. Sumner’s version is feeble. Of the
“ Christian Doctrine,” Dr. Griswold says, in his Intro-
duction, “ it is a work which he [Milton] never would
have given to the press himself.” For this idea there is
but little authority. The MS. was no doubt taken to
the State Paper office, in consequence of a general seiz-
ure of Milton’s papers, during the persecution of the
Whigs upon the dissolution of the Oxford Parliament;
for the poet must have fallen under suspicion. The publi-
cation was thus prevented ; but evidence of the intent to
publish is discoverable in the work itself. Dr. Griswold
says also, that “in none of his great works is there a pas-
sage from which it can be inferred that he [Milton] was
an Arian.” Here we entirely disagree with the compiler.
The “Paradise Lost” abounds in such passages. Dr.
Griswold’s Introduction is, nevertheless, well written
and well adapted to its purposes. At points, however,
it may be thought extravagant or dogmatic. We have
no patience with the initial sneer at Bacon, as “the mean-
est of mankind.” These assertions are passes, and a
truly profound philosophy might readily prove them ill
based. We would undertake to show, à priori, that no
man, with Bacon’s thorough appreciation of the true and
beautiful, could, by any possibility, be “the meanest,”
although his very sensibility might make him the weak-
est “ of mankind.”

When Dr. Griswold, in conclusion, terms Milton “ the
greatest of all human beings,” we really do think that
he should have appended the words—“ in the opinion, at
least, of Dr. Griswold.”

But these things are trifles. An important service has
been rendered to our Letters, and he who renders it is
entitled to thanks. The volumes are well printed and
bound, and no one, pretending to even ordinary scholar-
ship, can afford to do without them.

Wiley & Putnam’s Library of American Books, No. V.—
Big Abel and the Little Manhattan. By Cornelius Ma-
thews.

The conception and execution of this book are both
original. The narrative (if such it may be termed) forms
merely the upper current of the true theme which flows
below. The principal object is that of a suggestive par-
allel between the present and primitive condition of the
Island of Manhattan. A secondary purpose is that of
gossip about the New-York localities and customs—es-
pecially those appertaining to the terrae incognitae of
remote districts, such as the East Bowery. The ostensi-
ble theme has reference to the adventures of a great
grandson of Hudson, the navigator, and the heir of the
last chief of the Manhattanese. These worthies are sup-

178

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

posed to institute, or to contemplate instituting, in the
“ Supreme Court of Judicature,” a claim against the
Corporation of New-York, for the whole of its territory.
Imbued with a strong prospective sense of their title, the
claimants are represented as vagabondizing through the
island, partitioning between them the property that is to
be theirs upon the decision of the suit. It is their divi-
sion of the spoils which affords opportunity for the
suggestive parallel between the savage and the civilized
condition. Big Abel’s attention is arrested, and his cupid-
ity excited, by everything appertaining to commerce and
modern usage. He claims, for example, the shipping,
the markets, the banks, and the coffee-houses. The Lit-
tle Manhattan has an eye to the fountains, the squares,
and the Indian figures at the tobacco-shop doors. The
conversation of the two claimants is little in itself—but
is full of a delicate and skillful innuendo, which, indeed,
is the staple of the book. An episode relating to a Poor
Scholar and his mistress, serves well as an introduction
for many touches of a homely or domestic pathos, in il-
lustration of local details.

The book, upon the whole, does great credit to its au-
thor. The conception is forcible and unique. Much skill
is evinced in the general construction and conduct. The
allegory is properly subdued. Many points evince acute
observation, and a keen sense of the more delicate humor.
There are also some passages of rich imagination. The
style is nervous, but (intentionally) loose or abrupt, and
has an original and, therefore, impressive effect. The great
defect of the work is indefiniteness. The design is not
sufficiently well made out. More hereafter.

Puritanism: or a Churchman's Defence against its As-
persions, by an Appeal to its own History. By Thomas
W. Coit, D. D., Rector of Trinity Church, New-Ro-
chelle, N. Y., and a Member of the New-York Historical
Society. New-York: D. Appleton & Co.

A remarkably nervous, logical, and (to our minds, at
least,) convincing book. It is based on certain commu-
nications, made by its author to “The Churchman,” dur-
ing the year 1835, “ concerning the Puritans and their
harsh and unwearied cavils against Episcopalians.” A
large portion of the work, however, is entirely new.—
Some remarkable quotations preface the volume. The
first of them is “Milton was a Puritan,” from Leonard
Bacon’s Hist. Disc. Then follow three extracts from Mil-
ton’s Prose Works—extracts in opposition to Puritanism.
A Note afterwards, says :—“ An intelligent reader will
not be surprised to learn that the Puritans have succeed-
ed in suppressing the above passages, with a number like
them, in most of the editions of Milton.” This is a se-
rious charge—and not more serious than true. A very
handsome volume of 527 pages octavo.

The Medici Series of Italian Prose, No. IV. The Citi-
zen of a Republic, by Ansaldo Ceba. Translated and
Edited by C. Edwards Lester. New-York: Paine &
Burgess.

Ansaldo Ceba has been always considered as one of the
ablest of Italian writers on Government, and the work
now published is the most important which he has given
to the world. If we regard only our conception of the
word “ Republic,” we shall find his title a misnomer—
but the book itself is full of a thoroughly republican sen-
timent, and inculcates the democratic virtues. It is, in-
deed, a noble composition, replete with learning, thought,
and the purest classicism. If deficient at all, it is in vi-
gor—it has more of the Ciceronian character than pleases

ourselves individually. It was written in the senility of
its author.

An Encyclopedia of Domestic Economy, Etc. Etc. New-
York : Harper & Brothers.

No. XI of this admirable work is just issued.

The Wandering Jew. By Eugene Sue. New-York:
Harper & Brothers.

No. XVIII is issued—completing one of the most excit-
ing naratives ever written in modern times.

The Devotional Family Bible, by the Rev. Alexander
Fletcher, A. M., Author of the Guide to Family Devo-
tion, etc. etc. Containing the Old and New Testa-
ments, with Explanatory Notes, Practical Observations,
Copious Marginal References, etc. Eaery Part embel-
lished with a highly finished Engraving on Steel,includ-
ing Views of the Principal Places mentioned in Scrip-
ture, from Drawings taken on the Spot. New-York:
R. Martin dp Co., 26 John Street.

No. IX of this very beautiful Bible has been issued.—
We repeat the full title by way of most readily describ-
ing the work. The parts are sold at 25 cents each.

Journal of the Texian Expedition against Mier ; Subse-
quent Imprisonment of the Author ; his Sufferings and
Final Escape from the Castle of Perote, with Reflec-
tions upon the Present Political and Probable Future
Relations of Texas, Mexico, and the United States.
By Gen. Thomas J. Green. Illustrated by Drawings
taken from Life by Charles M'Laughlin, a Fellow-Pris-
oner. New York: Harper and Brothers.

This work was prepared for the press soon after the
writer’s escape from the castle of Perote, but has been
kept back through fear of injuring the Texians detained,
until recently, prisoners of war in Mexico.

The title fully conveys the general design ;—the narra-
tive in the author’s own words, is one “of Texian daring,
of battles lost and won, of dungeons and old castles, of
imprisonment and hair-breadth escapes, of unparalleled
sufferings and cruel murders.” No one can take up the
book without becoming thoroughly interested in its details.
The reflections on the political relations of Mexico, Tex-
as and the U. States, are if not profound, at least acute,
and we listen to them with respectful attention, as the
views of an evidently sincere man, and one whose exten-
sive personal experience entitles him to speak, on many
points, with authority.

By way of instancing the general manner of the book,
we quote a passage giving an account of the escape from
Perote:

John Toowig was a son of Old Ireland, a small, energetic man,
and a true-hearted Republican. His size and energy both befitting
the operation in the hole, he had done more than his share of the
work. He was the same who, in the spring of 1842, at San Anto-
nio, put a match to a keg of powder and blew up his store, with
several thousand dollars worth of goods, rather than they should
fall into the hands of the Mexican General Vascus. It was less
difficult for him than some others to get through the perforation in
the wall. I found much difficulty in passing through, though I
was now reduced from one hundred and sixty pounds, my usual
weight, to one hundred and twenty. The gradual funnel-shape of
the breach made it like driving a pin into an auger-hole, for the
deeper we went, the closer the fit. The smallest of us having gone
through first, for fear that the largest might hang in the hole and
stop it up, it now came to Stone’s turn, who was a large man.

He hung fast, and could neither get backward nor forward. In
this situation, being wedged in as fast as his giant strength could
force him, our friends on the inside of the room, who had been as-
sisting us, had to reach in the hole, tie ropes to his hands, and draw
him back. This operation was very like drawing his arms out of

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

179

his body, but did not satisfy him. “ I have a wife and children at
home,” says he, “ and I would rather die than stay here longer: I
will go through, or leave no skin upon my bones." So saying, he
disrobed himself: his very great exertion, causing him to perspire
freely, answered nearly as well for the second effort as if he had
been greased, and he went through after the most powerful labour
leaving both skin and flesh behind.

John Young, if anything, was a larger man than Stone, but was
much his junior in years: he was as supple as a snake, and no
Roman gladiator ever exhibited more perfectly-formed muscles:
nor was his determined temper in bad keeping with his physical
conformation. He was the last that came out; and while the bal-
ance of us sat under the side of the wall, we feared that it would
be impossible for him to get through. Presently, with the aid of a
dim sky above us, we saw his feet slowly protruding, then his
knees, and when he came to his hip joints, here for many minutes
he hung last. When this part of his body was cleared, the angu-
lar use of his knees gave him additional purchase to work by; but
still our boys said, " Poor fellow ! it will be impossible to gel his
muscular arms and shoulders through.” We sat under him with
an agony of feeling not to be described, while he ceased not his
efforts. His body was now cleared to his shoulders, but still he
hung fast. Having the full purchase of his legs, he would writhe,
first up and down, and then from side to side, with Herculean
strength; and when he disengaged himself, if it was not like the
drawing of a cork from a porter-bottle, it was with the low, sullen,
determined growl of a lion.

Being now through our greatest difficulty about the castle, we
adjusted carefully, though silently, our knapsacks and blankets,
passing orders from one to another in low whispers, which were in-
terrupted alone by the almost perpetual cry of “centinela alerta"
of the sentinels above us, both upon the right and left bastions, and
between which we had now to pass. The moon had gone down at
8 o'clock; and being favoured by the darkness in the bottom of the
moat, through which the sentinels overhead could not penetrate, we
slowly crossed over to the outer wall in Indian file, then felt along
the wall until we came to a flight of narrow steps eighteen inches
wide, up which we crawled upon all-fours. When we reached the
top of the wall, which formed the outer side of the moat, we passed
on to the chevaux de frize, which was about twelve feet high, of
pointed timbers set upright in the ground. These upright timbers
passed through a horizontal sill about six feet from the ground,
which we could reach with our hands, and then pull ourselves up,
from which we could then climb over the sharp points of the up-
right posts, thence down to the bottom of the outside ditch, up the
outside bank of which we crawled, it not being walled. When
we reached the lop we breathed more freely, for we were now in
the wide world, and felt more like freemen; and as the sentinels
drolled out their sleepy notes of " centinela alerta,” we jumped up,
and cracked our heels together three times, as a substitute for
cheers three times three.

The volume is beautifully printed and bound—a large
octavo of 487 pages.

The May-Flower, for 1846. Edited by Robert Hamilton.
Boston: Saxton & Kelt. For sale in New York by
Saxton & Huntingdon, at the Boston Book-Store, 295
Broadway.

The first published Annual, we believe, of the season,
and one which will not be readily excelled ;—the editor,
Mr. Robert Hamilton, is entitled to great credit for the
taste and tact displayed in its whole getting up. The
plates are seven mezzotints by Sartain, from paintings by
Deveria, Billings, Topham, Van Holst, Crowley, Winter-
waller, and Wilkie. All of these are good and some ad-
mirable. “ Cup-Tossing” will be universally admired.
The contributions are, generally, from the most noted
names in American letters. Mr. Hamilton himself con-
tributes several fine poems. We shall speak of the book
more in detail next week. It is beautifully printed, and
bound in embossed morocco.

The Miscellaneous Works of Thomas Arnold, D. D., Late
Head-Master of Rugby School and Regius Professor
of Modern History in the University of Oxford. First
American Edition, with Nine Additional Essays not In-
cluded in the English Collection. New York: D. Ap-
pleton & Co.

This is a well printed octavo of more than 500 pages,
and is based upon the volume of “ Arnold’s Miscellaneous
Works” published in London, June 1845; in which, how-
ever there were many important omissions as well as re-
dundancies. In the American edition (now issued) the
former are supplied and the latter avoided. The “Frag-
ment on the Church”; the “ Essay on Church and State”
and the “ Christian Life, its Course, its Hindrances and
its Helps” will be found in this the American, but not in
the English edition. The “ Christian Life” is, in fact,
absolutely necessary for the proper understanding of many
other essays, in which allusion or reference is made to it.
Besides these papers, we have, in the way of addition,
“The Church of England”; “Early Roman History”;
“ Faith and Reason”; “ The Oxford Malignants and Dr.
Hampden”; “ The Sixth Chapter of the Gospel by John”;
“Tracts for the Times”; and “Tradition”—the whole
including 256 pages, or one half the present volume.

The articles omitted are merely ephemeral composi-
tions never meant for preservation—letters from old news-
papers, and other similar matter of a purely local or temp-
orary character, but constituting nearly one fourth of the
English edition, in which the main object appears to
have been the making of a book sufficiently bulky to sell
at a certain price.

Some other improvements have been effected; as re-
gards for example, the arrangement of matter; and the
work, upon the whole, cannot fail to be highly acceptable
to the admirers of Dr. Arnold. It is indeed an indispen-
sable sequel to the “ Life and Correspondence” and the
“ Lectures on Modern History.”

Wrongs of American Women. First Series. The Elli-
ott Family ; or the Trials of New York Seamstresses.
By Charles Burdett, Author of “ Never too Late ” etc.
etc. New-York: E. Winchester.	

The Author of “Never too Late” has attained an en-
viable reputation for the truthfulness and interest of his
moral and domestic tales. “ The Elliott Family” is the
first of a series for which we bespeak the attention of
our readers—a series whose subject (The Wrongs of
American Women) should and must recommend it to all
except those interested in the persecutions which it will
expose and condemn. The story is one of intense pathos
and the greater portion of it is absolutely true—the names
of the parties only being changed. We hope every ho-
norable man connected with the press will use his utmost
exertions to give currency to this all-important series of
books.

Introduction to the American Common-School Reader and
Speaker ; Comprising Selections in Prose and Verse :
with Elementary Rules and Exercises in Pronun cia-
tion. By William Russell and John Goldsbury, authors
of the above-mentioned Reader. Boston: Charles Tap-
pan. New-York: Saxton & Huntingdon.

This useful book, as its title announces, is designed as
an introduction to the previous work of the authors ; and
its principles of elocution arc, of course, such as belong
to an elementary treatise. They are “ intended for prac-
tical training in the rudiments of orthoepy.” The two
volumes form an admirable and nearly perfect system.
The selections are made with unusual judgment. We

180

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

observe that a poem entitled “ The Ocean” is printed
anonymously. It is a beautiful lyric, and its author
should be known—J. Augustus Shea, lately deceased.

The Elements of Morality, including Polity, By Wil-
liam Wheewell, D. D. author of the “ History and Phi-
losophy of the Inductive Sciences." In two vol. Har-
per & Brothers.

The Harpers have just published this admirable and
most valuable work, in two beautifully printed and well
bound duodecimo volumes, as the first number of a new
series of Standard Books which they intend to issue under
the general title of “ Harper’s New Miscellany.” If
this work is to be regarded as, in any sense, a specimen of
the scries, we have no hesitation in saying that it will be
by far the most useful and important Library of its kind
ever published in this country. Prof. Whewell is very
widely known as a writer upon Moral Science of the most
profound ability. He stands, indeed, at the head of the
living philosophical professors in England, and his work
on the Inductive Sciences is universally regarded as of the
very highest authority.

In this work on Morality, which has but just been pub-
lished in England in two large octavo volumes, after a se-
ries of very full and exact elementary notices and defini-
tions, he has laid down, in a manner far more complete,
precise and methodical than any former writer, the Laws
of Morality as applied to every department of individual,
social, political and ecclesiastical action. The nature,
obligations and rights of Society,—Divine Laws and their
Sanction,—the idea, rights, deties and obligations of the
State,—the nature of Oaths, of International Law &c. &c.
are discussed in the most full, systematic and satisfactory
manner. The work can hardly fail to become a text book
in all our colleges and higher schools :—but we are also
glad that it has been published in such a form and at so
cheap a price, as must insure its universal circulation. It
is a work which deserves to be studied by every citizen of
this republic.

The two volumes contain over 400 pages each,—closely
and yet very distinctly printed upon fine, white paper, and
are substantially and elegantly bound in muslin, gilt, and
sold at fifty cents a volume. This is to be the style and
price of all the succeeding volumes of the Miscellany,
which will contain important historical, scientific, bio-
graphical and other works. The publishers, in their pro-
spectus, state that the main, controlling aim of the entire
collection, will be instruction rather than amusement.
Such a series of books is greatly needed:—and we hazard
little in saying that this will prove the most useful, if not
the most popular Library ever issued in this country.

Pictorial History of the World. By John Frost, LL.D.
No. 8. Philadelphia : Walker & Gillis. For sale in
New-York by Wm. H. Graham.

To be completed in 30 numbers—at 25 cents each.

While about going to press, we have received from
Messrs. Stanford & Swords, Lady Mary ; or Not of the
World. By the Rev. Chas. B. Tayler, M. A., Author of
“ The Records of a Good Man's Life," etc., and Sermons
on Certain of the Less Prominent Facts and References
in Sacred Story. By Henry Mellvill, D. D., Principal

of the East India College, etc. Second Series.——These

works will be noticed more fully in our next—when we
shall also speak of the Aristidean ; of Simms’ Magazine
for September ; of Godey and Graham for October, and of

the New-York Illustrated Magazine, edited by L. La-
bree, of which the second number is just issued.

The Fairy's Burial

The Fairy’s burial!

Starlight, the pall —

Starlight so bright:

Bright shone the stars above,—

Emblems of peace and love,—

Eyes of the night.

Sad were the fairies, then,

Coming from hill and glen;—

Sadly they came ;

One, from the fairy throne,

Had now forever flown—

No more to reign.

Death and his brother Sleep
Now the young fairy keep,

Voiceless and still;

Low lies the fairy now,—

She of the golden brow—

She of the laughing rill.

Oh!’t was a sadening sight—

Wreathed in the lilies white,

Calmly she lay.

Ah ! ’t was a lovely flower,

Called from the fairies bower—

Withered away.

Made they the fairy’s grave,

Near to the dancing wave,

Singing its song,

Ringing their silvery knells
Sighing their wild farewells—

Sad fairy throng!

Floateth a silvery sound;

Over the flower-clad ground.

Softly they steal.

Fays from the fairy-land,

Led by an angel-hand—

Sweetly they kneel:

Music floats sweetly there,

Borne on the rosy air.

Music so still—

Warbled from flowery dell,

Floating from fairy shell—

Wildly doth thrill.

Robed in the starlight fair,

Wreathed in their golden hair,

Stars gleaming bright.

Fairies in beauty come,

Guarding the young fay’s tomb,

Through the lone night.

Marcus H. Trowbridge.

Musical Department.

Oratorio or the Seven Sleepers.—The Tabernacle
was densely crowded on Thursday evening, the 18th inst.
We have rarely seen so large an audience gathered to-
gether ; there must have been over three thousand per-
sons present. The production of an Oratorio, by a com-
poser of great merit, for the first time in this country,
could scarcely fail to attract much attention among the
people generally, but more especially among the lovers
of fine Sacred Music, of which there is a large class in

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

181

and about the city. More than ordinary attention, how-
ever, was given to the announcement of the forthcoming
work, from the fact that the gentleman under whose di-
rection it was to be produced, was known to be always
the most forward in the cause of sterling music, and had
proved himself, beyond a doubt, the most competent lead-
er in the country. Every confidence was therefore placed
upon his skill and judgment, and the public went to the
Tabernacle, fully assured that they would meet with an
intellectual entertainment. Their expectations were ful-
filled.

The following is a cast of the characters:

Antipater, (Proconsul at Ephesus,)         Mr. S. Pearson.
Honoria, (his wife,) -	Mrs. Strong.

Martinus, (Bishop of Ephesus,)              Mr. S. P. Cheney.

Malchus,......................   Mrs. Edward Loder.

Serapion, ----- Miss Cheney.
Johannes,	-	-	-	-	-	Miss DeLuce.

Constantine, ...	-  Mr. John Johnson.

Dionysius,	-	:	-	-	-	Mr. S. O. Dyer.

Marianus,.....................  Mr. R. Andrews.

Maximianus,...................  Mr. D. S. B. Bennett.

The plan of the Oratorio we detailed in our paper a
week or two since. It is of so purely dramatic a char-
acter, that much of the interest it would otherwise excite
is lost for want of scenic effect and dresses appropriate.
A most magnificent Sacred Opera could be formed from
the Oratorio of the Seven Sleepers: far superior to Da-
vid ; it would equal in effect, we think, Rossini’s Israel-
ites in Egypt. What could be more effective, for instance,
than the whole of the second act—the High Priest bles-
sing the banner of the soldiers, who are going forth to
fight the enemies of the Cross—the people, in throngs,
crowding to witness the ceremony. Malchus, the young-
est of the Seven Sleepers, enters in the midst; he gazes
around him in wild amazement!—it is not Ephesus he
beholds—the people are not the same—the symbol of the
Cross waves everywhere triumphant, while yesternight,
as he supposes, the infidel held sway over all. His
strange dress, and yet stranger manners, attract the at-
tention of the people. They believe him to be a spy—
they seize and bear him before a Roman Consul, who exam-
ines and extracts from him his strange and incredible story.
The people believe it to be a miracle of the Most High,
and with an eagerness which cannot be restrained, they
tush towards Mount Celion. In all this there is vivid ac-
tion, and aided by scenery, dresses, and by the music,
which is descriptive to an extraordinary degree, would
form, we believe, a scene of thrilling excitement.

The Music itself denotes unmistakeably the class to
which it belongs. We have said that it is descriptive,
and it is not partially so, but every feature in the plot
has its appropriate music :—pastoral, martial, solemn and
agitated. But there is one striking feature in the compo-
sition which strikes us as a marvellously fine thought.—
Between the time at which the Brothers fell asleep, and
the period of their waking, two hundred years are sup-
posed to have elapsed. The two periods are distinctly
Marked by the music. While the Brothers chaunt forth
a solemn chorale, quaint, crude, and almost harsh in
its character, the people of Ephesus sing in a more
Modern style. The contrast is most strongly marked, and
the effect is striking and peculiar. This admirable
thought would alone stamp the genius of the composer.
Of the music itself we must record our honest admira-
tion. Looking at it, as an Oratorio, we should complain
of a want of dignity, solidity and grandeur    It lacks the

elements of the sublime ; there is too great a mingling
of the petty passions and worldly strife, with the solemn
thoughts which should be absorbed in contemplating the
miracles vouchsafed by the Almighty. But as a Sacred
Drama, we do not hesitate to say that the Seven Sleep-
ers is the very highest of its class. Judging it in this
light, we take a lowlier standard, and the composition
rises in our estimation. The music allotted to the Seven
Brothers ranks foremost in point of excellence. A quiet,
dreamy and yet solemn feeling pervades each successive
piece. The first piece, commencing “ Lord God our re-
fuge,” in which the voices join in in rotation, beginning
with Maximianus and ending with Malchus, is truly an
awakening from a deep slumber ; and the last piece, com-
mencing with the line, “ Now with unseen wings ap-
proaching,” in which the same figure is reversed, is as
truly the gradual approach of their second and last slum-
ber. In short, the music of the Brothers forms a musi-
cal pyramid, of which Malchus is the apex, and Maximi-
anus is the base. A more perfect musical figure it is im-
possible to conceive. The music given to Malchus is
undoubtedly the most charming in the Oratorio; its sim-
plicity is marvellous, and its melody is of the most chaste
and pleasing character. The Aria of Johannes ranks
next in point of beauty ; its gravity impresses one sensi-
bly, while its simplicity and pathos enhance the impres-
sion. Martinus (the Bishop) is entrusted with some
grand and imposing music, particularly the Aria in
the third part. Antipater and Honoria have much to
do, yet, though their music is very charming, it fails in
exciting interest when compared with the other char-
acters. The chorusses, judged by the standard we have
established, are fine compositions ; the fugues, judged by
any standard, must be acknowledged as masterly com-
positions, but they are designed, with the exception of the
last, to represent action, and require action to take off the
appearance of scientific elaboration.

The instrumentation is exceedingly beautiful, although,
with several exceptions, it is decidedly operatic. There
are many charming combinations and exquisite points
throughout the work ; the partitions of the several fugues
are really striking examples of ingenuity and knowledge
applied to the Orchestra, and the accompaniments to the
Bishop’s Music are particularly happy in producing the
effect of grandeur and dignity.

On the whole, it is undoubtedly a great work—great
in its simplicity, great in its elaboration, great in its con-
ception, and great in its execution. We have not entered
as fully into its beauties as we could wish; but we trust
we have said enough to draw the attention of ameteurs
to its merits.

From Mrs. E. Loder, as Malchus, much was expected,
and the expectations were fulfilled. She sang the music
throughout most admirably. In her recitatives especially,
she displayed the striking advantage of a thorough musi-
cal education. Every word was distinctly enunciated,
and each point was delivered with proper emphasis.—
Her solos were executed with a chasteness of expression
and a purity of style, which are the distinguishing char-
acteristics of the school. It was loudly and deservedly
applauded.

Mrs. Strong sang the music of Honoria very sweetly.
Her style is somewhat too cold, and her delivery wants
the freedom of a practised artist; but in her execution she
has very much improved since we last heard her. Her
music, as we have before remarked, is the least pleasing,

182

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

or, at all events, the least effective, in the Oratorio; but
the melody of her voice added much to its interest and
effect.

Miss Cheney had but little to do, and that little was
mostly concerted. It would not, therefore, be fair to
form a judgment upon her capacities.

Miss De Luce, as Johannes, acquitted herself exceed-
ingly well. She has a mezzo soprano voice of a most
lovely quality—rich, full and melodious. It tells wonder-
fully in any piece of moderate movement, requiring sus-
tained expression. Miss De Luce sang the air, “God be
with you,” in a chaste and careful manner. She began a
little flat, which was evidently caused by extreme fright;
for as soon as this abated, the fault was no longer visible.
If this young lady should study seriously, she could not
fail to attain a high position in her profession.

Mr. Sidney Pearson was the Antipater of the evening,
We were both pleased and surprised at the excellence of
his performance. He has many faults ; his pronunciation
is broad and inelegant—his intonation is by no means fault-
less; and he lacks passion and expression. But he sang his
music correctly, attempted no interpolations, and was on
the whole, perhaps, as good a representative of the char-
acter as could be found in the city.

Messrs. Bennett and Cheney are Amateurs. They have
both good voices, but the want of education in every re-
spect is so glaringly apparent, that criticism would be use-
less. Of the two, however, Mr. Cheney has decidedly the
advantage in point of voice and intonation. A year’s study
under careful direction, would place Mr. Cheney in a good
position as a singer of Sacred Music.

The Chorusses were performed in a style of excellence
truly remarkable. The Choral performances of the Sa-
cred Music Society have always been noted for want of
precision, firmness, power, and capability to produce due
effects. But on this occasion the same materials were em-
ployed (nearly all the Chorus singers being members of
the S. M. S.) yet none of these defects were in any part to
be observed. Every point was taken up with admirable
precision ; the pianos were duly cared for, and the cres-
cendos were truly grand in their effects. The only visi-
ble want, was a want of power, and this want could only
be remedied by an increase of members, which under the
circumstances could not be obtained. A striking fact might
be elicited were we to pursue the enquiry as to the cause
of the marked difference in the performance of the same
people upon this occasion and upon previous occasions.
We will, however, leave our readers to draw the inference
themselves.

The instrumental performance was equally remarkable
for its excellence. The Band was kept in admirable sub-
jection to the voices, and the recitatives were better ac-
companied than we have ever heard before in this coun-
try. The band was also deficient in power, not through
any meanness on the part of those engaged in producing 
the work, but from the fact that most of the good instru-
mental performers of the city, were engaged at the sever-
al Theatres.

At the next representation which will be on the 9th of
October, greater facilities will undoubtedly be available,
and the only want observable in the performance will then
be remarked.

We must repeat the praise which we awarded Mr. Lo-
der at the commencement of the notice ; for to his skill,
judgment and firmness, must be attributed all the excel-
lence which we have described.

We must also compliment Mr. Timm upon the artist-
like manner in which he introduced the Organ, and brought
its full power to bear upon those points where it could tell
with the best effect. He proved himself indeed a worthy
coadjutor of the talented conductor.

We have yet a word or two to say about the public-spir-
ited gentleman at whose individual risk the whole per-
formance was got up. Mr. Henry Meigs, is known to the
public as former Secretary of the New York Sacred Mu-
sic Society. We presume he felt the insufficiency of that
Society, under its present management, to produce any-
thing but those works at which they have been drum-
ming for years, without attaining any point beyond res-
pectable mediocrity. Acting upon this feeling, he deter-
mined to produce, at his own expense, a work of standard
merit, never before performed in this city, in the best style
that money could command. He determined also that be-
sides benefiting the public by his undertaking, he would
also benefit the resident professors:—a singular determin-
ation, we allow, as the very last thought in the minds of the
projectors of any Musical undertaking, is to consider that
class which is most worthy of consideration. Mr. Meigs
consulted his conductor, and the Oratorio of the Seven
Sleepers was chosen. No sooner did the “ Society” gain
information of the fact, than they acted the part of Many
Sleepers Awakened, (from a long sleep too,) and decided
upon producing the work in opposition to this individual
enterprize. This was certainly somewhat unworthy of an
incorporated Society ; but we must excuse them, from the
fact that they were rather roughly awakened, and had
hardly time to rub their eyes before they decided upon a
course of action.

A large proportion of the Society joined Mr. Meigs in
his undertaking, without however withdrawing from the
Society, and to these ladies and gentlemen, who scorned to
endure the trammels which would serve to keep music
back a hundred years, the thanks of the public and the
profession are due. How well they acquitted themselves
the thousands who were present can testify.

We call upon the public to support Mr. Meigs in his
undertaking, for upon their support the success or the fail-
ure of every undertaking depends; we call upon the pub-
lic to come forward, not to benefit the individual, but the
Art: for the success of this undertaking will ensure the
production of a series of standard classical works, which
cannot be produced through any other agency.

Park Theatre.—Opera is still the rage at this estab-
lishment. Miss Delcy, since our last, has appeared in
the character of Cinderella, and as Zerlina in Fra Diavolo.
She has gained considerably in public estimation, and
will, we are confident, become a great favorite ; for a gen-
erous public will always stand forward in defence of a
woman, especially if she be as young and as pretty as
Miss Delcy, against hired critics and interested profession-
al slanderers. We have seen no reason to alter our ex-
pressed opinion of Miss Delcy’s powers, but we still say
that she is full of promise for the future, and has many
advantages over some who have occupied, for several
years, the situation she now holds. We trust that the
public will give her a fair chance, and hope she may con-
tinue successful.

Mr. Gardner has proved the truth of our remarks in
every respect. As soon as he shall have recovered the
full power of his voice, which has been temporarily dis-
arranged, from the combined effect of the sea voyage and

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

183

change of climate, we insure for him a good share of the
public approbation.

Miss Moss acquitted herself, as Lady Allwash, exceed-
ingly well, both in her singing and her acting, and Mr.
Brough, as Beppo, was perfectly correct in his music
throughout, and has some difficult and catchy bits to
sing. He is evidently becoming pains-taking, and we are
glad to see and hear it.

Want of space precludes the possibility of our length-
ening this notice.

Criticisms on the Popular Errors of the Age.

NO. I.

Is Error dead, since, as the Teuton* found,

’Twas not the Sun, but Earth, that whirled around?

Or reason fixed, because by Bacon’s spell
The schoolmen, heaps on heaps, confounded fell?

Is science sure, since Black or Davy tried,

Air to create, and water to divide ?

Nay—when the Prince of Peace, his flag unfurled,

Was truth, at once, triumphant o’er the world?

I wot that ancient Erebus doth still
New hydras hatch as fast as truth can kill,

Sending fresh broods, with horns and talons rife.

To chase mankind, and glut their rage on life.

Else, why this seven-years’-tempest—mad in looks,

Of teachers, doctors, reasoners,—men and books,

All fierce with zeal—all eloquent to show
What fools there lived a hundred years ago.

See B-----h —ah B------h hath o’er his ivied head,*

The shield of lettered honors strongly spread.

Ensconced in Hebrew—redolent to tell
How by a dagesh many a meaning fell,

Or by a rule—an old and honored rule—

One writer in, ranks fifty out of school.

But school or no school, sacerdotal wit
Hath on his page its golden plaudit writ.

Hath he not found—a thing for Paul too vast,—

The Resurrection is already past?

Is it not clear that he who dies is dead

Foot, hand and heart, nerves, cerebrum and head,

And one and all, with an eternal “ must”

Are doomed to “dissipate” in gas and dust ?

Can “that” again arise? Pray, who shall find
His body in the earth, or leaves, or wind ?

Whoever dies is dead by an “election,”

And spirits only, feel the resurrection.

Sir, Christ arose, and took his “body” too, [2.]

But that might be to balk the raging Jew [A.]

Yet he ate meat, all doubt to disenthrone [2.)

And prove that he was veritable flesh and bone.

The doctor took the pulpit at this point,

Pride in his heart, but fear in every joint.

“Such facts may answer well a trustful church,

“But leave philosophy quite in the lurch.

“Give crowds strong faith, they want but little knowledge.
“I write for reason, honors, and a college.

“But ’tis not reason, I should so dilute
“My thoughts, each vague objector to refute
"And draw my tenets out so very thin,

"That common minds should grasp me, and refine.
“Viewed by a subtil neologic light,

“My treatise and the scriptures both are right.”

So closed the sermon. People sat in doubt,

While snatching up his hat, the Dean walked out.

Alolo.

*Copernicus.

Editorial Miscellany.

In our notice, last week, of an article on “American
Humor” by Mr. William Jones, we mentioned that Mr.
Graham, the editor of “ Graham’s Magazine,” had re-
jected a contribution from Mr. Jones ; and we gave this
as our only supposable reason for the latter’s sweeping
denunciation of the three-dollar Magazines. We have
since received, from a warm personal friend of Mr. Jones,
a somewhat different version of the story—which runs
thus:

A contract was entered into by “ Graham’s Magazine” for seve-
ral articles from the pen of Mr. Jones. The articles were writ-
ten ; they did not suit the tone of the Magazine (which might
have been a virtue or not in the contributor, according to the sub-
ject matter): some delay occurred; but the negotiation was ulti-
mately completed, according to the agreement, by Mr. Graham
paying the author.

We are happy to afford Mr. Jones the full benefit of
this variation. Our own opinion of the matter is not ma-
terially changed. When a critic so far forgets himself
as to speak in wholesale terms of disparagement of a
work made up altogether of contributions from the elite
of our literature, we naturally seek some unusual reason
for the abuse—some reason which does not appear upon
the surface—in short, some private and personal cause.—
If we have wronged Mr. Jones, we regret it very sincere-
ly—although he has made no scruple of wronging us and
our friends. Still, we by no means think that we have
wronged Mr. Jones.

His apologist (for whom personally and as an author,
we have the highest respect) goes on to say :

Whatever sins of dogmatism Mr. J. may have to answer for,
(and we must still regret that his last article was not submitted to
a judicious pruning and emendation) we are assured that he is
utterly incapable of any of the prevalent sins of literary immorali-
ty. True men of letters are not so abundant in the community as

to be wantonly injured in their good fame......Mr. Jones is

an individual writer of the dogmatic school, who requires for a
subject one strictly in harmony with his sentiment and experience,
when he is enthusiastic, brilliant, and profound: out of his per-
sonal range he is careless, ineffective, and apparently unjust.

The article upon Mr. Dana, written by Mr. Jones and published
in an early number of this [The Broadway] Journal, exhibits him
in his true element.

With much of all this we agree. Mr. Jones is what
may be termed an “ elegant” essayist of a by-gone school.
His articles are always graceful, pointed, gentlemanly,
in thought and tone. They lack vigor, originality, and
consecutiveness. They leave no definite impression.—
We read one of them and say—not that .we have been
convinced of anything, or that we have derived any new
ideas—but that, upon the whole, Mr. Jones is a very cle-

ver writer of essays. His most reprehensible fault, how-
ever, is that he can see nothing excellent out of the lim-
its of Boston Common. Again:—if we have done him
injustice, we beg his pardon—but we do not think that
we have.

Hon. Edward Everett and family returned home in
the Britannia.	_______

Mr. McLane, the American Minister in England, has
taken up his residence at 38 Harley street, Cavendish
square.	_______

Field, the gentlemanly and clever editor of the St.
Louis Reveillé, has sued the editors of the People’s Or-

184

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

gan, a paper published in that city, for libel; laying his
damages at $10,000. The libel consisted in the publica-
tion of a letter abusive of Mr. Field, written by Mr.
Green, the reformed gambler.

New and Fashionable Harps. Our attention has been
called to those beautiful instruments, manufactured by J.
F. Browne, 281 Broadway and 83 Chambers street.

The Harp, as an instrument, is but little known in this
country, although in Europe it is considered as a necessary
accomplishment to ladies of refined education, occupying
any position in fashionable society. It is a singular fact,
but it is no less true than singular, that while the ladies of
the South, particularly of Charleston and New Orleans,
cultivate a knowledge of this instrument with considera-
ble success, our Northern ladies display a marked indif-
ference on the subject. Were we inclined to write an
essay upon the history of the Harp, we might say how it
flourished thousands of years before the Christian Era—
we might trace its course down to that period and through
the Dark Ages (when it survived most other instruments)
even up to the present time—we might describe its vari-
ous shapes and scales at the different periods even up to
our own days, showing how greatly the balance is in
favor of us Modems—but we will not do all this ; we will
content ourselves by simply stating that every lady should,
for many reasons, be a little familiar with this truly draw-
ing-room instrument. In the first place it is a capital ex-
ercise, bringing the muscles into gentle and healthful play;
in the next place it is an excellent accompaniment to the
voice; and lastly it displays the beautiful and graceful
proportions of nature’s handicraft, to the greatest advan-
tage. Well might a learned Theban eloquently observe,
to some young beaux, on beholding a young and graceful
woman seated in the most fascinating position, like the
Divine Cecilia at her Harp—well might this learned The-
ban observe, we say, “ if you have hearts prepare to lose
them now.”

Mr. Browne’s Harps are by far the most magnificent in-
struments that we ever saw. Through his perfect knowl-
edge of the instrument he has effected many important
improvements in the mechanical department, and in the
tone there is an extraordinary addition of sweetness, purity
and power. The pillars are elaborately and gorgeously
carved and gilded, while the frames are elegantly shaped
and finished.

There is at present in his show room 281 Broadway (up
stairs) a splendid Grand Concert Harp, six and a half oc- 
taves in compass, recently sold to a lady of North Caroli- 
na, which is without exception the most elegant, chaste
and powerful instrument we have ever heard in this coun-
try. It combines all the latest improvements, and we
should advise our fair friends, if only as a matter of curi-
osity, to visit Mr. Browne’s establishment, before the in-
strument leaves it for its final destination. We can cor-
dially recommend Mr. Browne’s instruments, as we are
well acquainted with the character of the firm of which
he is the resident representative.

We have received two Elementary Musical Works, for
review, the one by J. F. Warner, and the other by E. Ives,
Jr.; which we shall notice in our next.

Our articles upon the fine Arts are unavoidably crow-
ded out this week ; also a full description of the opening
of Mr. Erben’s Organ, at Dr. Potts’ new Church. These
shall duly appear in our next.

We take the following truly characteristic and espe-
cially French paragraph from the excellent “ Courier
des Etats Unis.”

deux nouveaux-nes dans notre famille.—C’est une carrière
toujours laborieuse et rarement lucrative, que celle du journalisme,
et pourtant chaque jour nous voyons s’y aventurer de nouveaux
imprudens. Depuis huit jours, la nombreuse et féconde famille
de nos confreres Américains s’est grossie de deux membres, le Star
et le Globe, paraissants tous les jours, celui-là le soir et celui-ci
le matin. Qu’ils soient les bien-venus! plus la route est périi-
leuse et plus on a besoin d’amis pour la parcourir. Du reste,
nous ne voulons pas faire de ces réflexions un décourageant pro-
nostic pour ces nonveaux-nés de la presse. Jamais il n’en
surgit de plus eiables, de plus dignes de la confiiance et du
patronage du public qui tient en ses mains les destinées des jour-
nalistes. Ce ne sont même pas des débutantes qui nous arrivent,
car sous des noms nouveaux, nous trouvons de vieilles connais-
sances qui ont déjà trop bien fait leurs preuves pour que nous dou-
tions de leurs futurs succés. Il en est un surtout, le Globe, avec le-
quel nous avons vécu en trop bonne fraternité, lorsqu’il s’appelait
Plebeian, pour que nous n’accueillions pas avec plaisir sa résur-
rection opérée par la plume puissante de M. Levi D. Slam, l’un
des plus consciencieux et des plus éloquens publicistes du parti
démocratique.

Among those who have furnished original papers for
the “ Broadway Journal,” are Mrs. Osgood, Mrs. Kirk-
land, Mrs. Child, Mrs. Lowell, Mrs. Hewitt, Miss Fuller,
Miss Lawson, Miss Wells—J. R. Lowell, H. R. School-
craft, Park Benjamin, E. A. Duyckinck, Wm. A. Jones,
T. D. English, Wm. Wallace, A. M. Ide, Henry B. Hirst,
Wm. Page (the artist), Henry C. Watson, the author of
“ The Vision of Rubeta,” Littleton Barry, and Edgar A.
Poe. We have also numerous anonymous contributors
who would do honor to any journal in the land. Mr.
Simms, the novelist, Mrs. Ellett, and many others of note,
will hereafter contribute. We mention these facts to do
away with any evil impressions that might arise from a
statement made in the September number of Simms’ Ma-
gazine, by a New-York correspondent, who no doubt in-
tended us well.

The date of “ The Saturday Courier” (of Philadel-
phia) from which we quoted a portion of Mr. Whittier's
story, “ The Broken-Hearted,” is June 19, 1841.

It will be seen that we make our appearance this
week in a new dress—and this will account for a little
delay in our time of issue. It is our intention gradually
but steadily to improve the paper at all points.

The embarrasment, the delay, and general inconven-
ience arising from bad penmanship, can be thoroughly
understood only by an editor. We are compelled, every
week, to throw aside many valuable contributions merely
because the wretched MS. renders them too expensive to
be used. Once again, we say to our friends—write legi-
bly or not at all. Take lessons of Mr. Goldsmith. You
will find him in Broadway—289. We know no one so
well qualified to teach a fluent, beautiful, and, what is of
still more consequence, a legible hand-writing. We ad-
vise, at all events, a visit to his rooms, where in the way
of really good penmanship, some absolute curiosities are
to be seen. His Advertisement will be found in another
column.

Mr. Austin Phillips and Mr. H. C. Watson, are about
to establish a Glee Class upon a large scale. Full par-
ticulars will be announced next week.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

185

To Correspondents. Many thanks
to M. O. of Lebanon Springs—also to
the fair author of “ Pictures”—also to
A. M. I. We are forced to decline
“Margarette”—“The Warrior’s Bat-
tle-Song”— “Hope” — and “On the
Death of a Favorite Young Dog.” Our
friends P. B.—P. P. C.—and T. H. C.
shall hear from us in full in a few days.
What has become of M. L. of Phila-
delphia. We are greatly indebted to
Miss M. O.

ӔOLIAN ATTACHMENT.

Hermann s. saroni, Professor of Music, 116
Leonard street, New York, leaches the Piano
Forte, with or without Colemans celebrated At-
tachment.	___

New Book and Stationery Store.
SAXTON & HUNTINGTON,

PUBLISHERS AND BOOKSELLERS,

No. 295 Broadway,

KEEP on hand a full assortment of Theologi-
cal, School, and Miscellaneous Books; also,
Stationery, Fancy Articles, &c.&c.

S. & H. are Agents for the sale of the Publica-
tions of the following Boston Houses, viz:

James Munroe & Co.              W. J. Reynolds,

Charles Tappan,	     Waite, Pierce & Co.

Saxton & Kelt,	    Crosby & Nichols.

B. Perkins & Co.                 Otis, Broaders & Co.

PENMANSHIP.

Reopening of goldsmiths writing

ACADEMY, 289 Broadway. La Farge Build
ings, corner of Reade Street. Terms reduced to
THREE DOLLARS, AND NO EXTRA CHARGE.
Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully informs the
citizens of New York and Brooklyn, that his rooms
are now open, during the day and evening, for Pu 
pils and Visiters. Mr. G’s specimens of
PENMANSHIP

has received the First Premium Five Years, from
tbe American Institute, and he guarantees to all in
Ten EASY AND INTERESTING EXERCISES,
a free and elegant style of writing, that the pupils
cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice.

For sale at the Academy GOLDSMITH'S GEMS
OF PENMANSHIP.

Ladies' Class meets daily at 11 o'clock. Gentle
men’s day and evening. See Circular.          s18 2wis

Piano-fortes—H. worcesteb, no. 139

THIRD AVENUE, Corner of 14th Street, res
pectfully informs his friends and the public, that he
has a good assortment of Piano Fortes, in Rosewood
and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons
wishing to purchase will find it to their advantage
to call and examine before purchasing elsewhere.

PIANO-FORTES—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly
Mundy and Pethick,) invites the attention of the
musical public to the elegant and varied assortment
he now has at his Old Establishment, corner of Cot-
tage Place and Bleecker street, which he will sell
at p ices unusually low.

J.P. having been actively engaged in the business
for the last twenty years, and, for a large portion of
that time manufacturing for two of the largest
Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying
that his instruments will bear a favorable compari
son with those of the best makers in this country
or Europe, and that they contain all the real im-
provements of the day.

Secondhand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged,
also Tuned and Repaired.

New York, April 23d, 1845.

WEDDING, VISITING, & PROFESSIONAL
CARDS.	engraved and printed at VALEN-

TINE'S, 1 Beekman street—Lovejoy’s Hotel.

PIANO FORTES—V.F. HARRISON, CANAL
Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improve-

ments, such as Iron Frames, &c., with a compass

of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made from choice

materials, and highly finished, with the most faith-

ful workmanship, the result of 23 years experience 

in the business.

N.B. Wanted a second hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes hired by the month.

PIANO-FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

(formerly Conductor to Dubois and Stodart),

No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assortment

of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes,

of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared

to guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch,

and External Finish, and to endure in any climate.

A liberal discount from the standard prices. Piano

Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always

on hire

161 Broadway, September, 1845.

WILEY & PUTNAM'S
LIBRARY OF CHOICE READING.

"BOOKS WHICH ARE BOOKS.”

THE PUBLISHERS of the Library of Choice
Reading beg leave to call attention to the fol
lowing classification of the books published in the
series by which it will appear that novelty, variety,
and standard merit have always been preserved,
and the promise of the original prospectus faithfully
kept. It was proposed to publish “the best books of
Travels, Biographies, works of Classic Fiction—
where the moral is superior to the mere story, with-
out any sacrifice of the interest—occasional choice
volumes of Poetry. Essays, Criticism, Contributions
to History, and generally such single volumes, writ
ten by men of genius. as will equally delight the
scholar and the general reader.” The books already
issued and ready for immediate publication may be
arranged as follows:

BOOKS OF TRAVELS.

EOTHEN, OR TRACES OF TRAVEL BROUGHT
HOME FROM THE EAST.

THE FRENCH IN ALGIERS. By Lady Duff
Cordon.

THE CRESCENT AND THE CROS3—2 vols. By
Warburton.

SIR FRANCIS HEAD'S BUBBLES FROM THE
BRUNNEN.

BECKFORD’S ITALY, SPAIN, PORTUGAL, AND
VISIT TO THE MONASTERIES OF ALCO
BACA AND BATALHA—in press.

NOTES OF A JOURNEY THROUGH FRANCE
AND ITALY. By Hazlitt— in press.

These will be followed by Sir Francis Head’s
Rough Notes of a Journey across the Pampas;—
Waterton’s Wanderings in South America ; Mias
Rigby’s Letters f om the Baltic; Henry Nelson
Coleridge’s Six Months in the West Indies, and
Thackeray’s Notes of a Journey from London to
Cairo, and others—forming altogether one of the
most original and select collections of b oks of tra
vels ever published.

CLASSIC FICTION.

MARY SCHWEIDLER, THE AMBER WITCH
    The most interesting Trial for Witchcraft ever
published.

UNDINE AND SINTRAM AND HIS COMPAN-
IONS. From the German of La Motte Fouque.
THE DIARY OF LADY WILLOUGHBY
HEADLONG HALL AND NIGHTMARE ABBEY
ZSCHOKKE’S TALES. Translated by Parke God-
win.

THE CROCK OF GOLD. By Marlin Farquhar
 Tupper.

HEART AND THE TWINS. By Martin Farquhar
 Tupper.—in press.

 Under this department will be included the choicest
 new works of fiction as they issue from the press,
and choice translations from the writers of the Con- 

 tinent. The following have been already announc
ed : Mrs. Inchbald’s Nature and Art ; Tales from
Tuck and HOFFMAN, the White Lady and Peter
Schlemihl; The Life and Adventures of Peter Wil-
kins, a Cornish Man ; Melincourt and Crotchet Cas
tle, by the author of Headlong Hall.

ILLUSTRATIONS OF ENGLISH LITERATURE
LEIGH HUNT’S IMAGINATION AND FANCY
HAZLITTS DRAMATIC WRITERS OF THE
AGE OF ELIZABETH.

HAZLITT’S CHARACTERS OF SHAKSPEARE
WILSON’S GENIUS AND CHARACTER OF
BURNS.

HAZLITT'S LECTURES ON THE COMIC WRI-
TF.RS— IN PRESS.

HAZLITT'S LECTURES ON THE ENGLISH
POETS—IN PRESS.

The work of HAZLITT in this department, the 

most eloquent commentator on English Literature,

will be followed by various writings of CAMPBELL,

WILSON, COLERIDGE, SOUTHEY, ELLIS, and other.

BIOGRAPHY AND GENERAL LITERATURE
LEIGH HUNT'S INDICATOR AND COMPA-
 NION—2 vols.

HOOD'S PROSE AND VERSE—2 vols.

CHARLES LAMB'S ESSAYS OF ELIA.

HAZLITT'S TABLE TALK—-2d series, 2 vols.
AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF BENVENUTO CELLINI

A complete collection of the writings of HAZLITT

and LEIGH HUNT will form part of the series to be 

published at short intervals; WALTER SATAGE LAN

DOR's writings: DE QUINCET'S (the English opium

eater) Miscellaneous Writings; James Smith's Re-

jected Addresses and the Poems and Ballads of BON

GUALTIER.

OLD ENGLISH LITERATURE.

BASIL MONTAGU'S SELECTIONS FROM TAY
LOR, SOUTH, BARROW, FULLER. &c.

 CHARLES LAMB'S SPECIMENS OF OLD ENG-
 LISH DRAMATISTS WHO LIVED ABOUT
THE TIME OF SHAKSPEARE.

These, the most perfect collections of the kind 

ever published, will form the introduction in prose
and verse to a series of the old English writers,
including Sir Thomas MorE, Herbert, FULLER,

Sir Thomas Browne, Milton, Selden, Bacon and
others.

AMERICAN SERIES.

 Of the “ Library of American Book," the fol-

lowing have already been issued :

JOURNAL OF AN AFRICAN CRUISER, EDITED
BY NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE.

TALES BY EDGAR A. POE.

LETTERS FROM ITALY, BY J. T. HEADLEY.
THE WIGWAM AND THE CABIN. BY W. GIL-
MORE SIMMS

BIG ABEL AND THE LITTLE MANHATTAN,
BY CORNELIUS MATHEWS.

WANDERINGS OF THE PILGRIM UNDER THE
SHADOW OF THE JUNGFRAU, BY GEORGE
B, CHEEVER, D. D.—Just Ready.

The following are in press :—Western Clearings,
by Mary Clavers (Mrs Kirkland) ; Wanderings
of a Pilgrim under the Shadow of the Jungfrau. by
George B. Cheever ; Views and Reviews in Ame-
rican History, Literature, and Fiction, a Miscellany,
by W. Gilmore Simms ; The Forest and the Prairie,
by James Hall, author of the Border Tales ; a new
volume, by Nathaniel Hawthorne ; The Old Eng-
lish Library, by W. N Jones ; and other productions
of American authors.

MESSRS. HARPER & BROTHERS

PUBLISH THIS DAY,

Elements of Morality and Polity.

BY PROF. HEWELL.

THIS valuable new production, from the pen of
one of the most eminent scholars of t e age,
exhibits, in a most lucid, exact, and elegant style,
the great principles of moral, political, and ecclesi-
astical science in a far more complete and methodi-
cal manner than has ever yet been presented to the
public. In offering this great work to the American
reader, the publisher begs leave to introduce it as
the commencement of a new and attractive series
 of sterling books, to he issued by them, under the
general designation of

HARPER’S NEW MISCELLANY;

the volumes of which will be legibly printed, in
duodecimo, on fine paper, and

Bound in extra Muslin Gilt—Price
Fifty Cents a Volume,

and issued at short intervals To render accessible
to the million, the fullest advantages of popular in-
struction in the various divisions of human know-
ledge, is the design of the above series It is appa-
rent in the present day, that books of intrinsic value
are demanded by the people. Formerly the popu
lar taste preferred mainly works of mere amusement
—the great body of readers now seek them as vehi-
cles of general knowledge books of a more per-
manently valuable caste—devoted to some of the
departments of science, or general literature. A
new race has sprung up, glowing with the first
energies of youth, requiring more expanded ideas
of the world in which they live, and a more reliable
and well-digested knowledge of the men. and the
events of other times and countries. A class of
books expressly adapted to this demand, it is the
aim of the publishers to supply; and at a price so
exceedingly cheap that every perron of ordinary
taste and advantages may thus become possessed
of a

Complete Library of the Best Litera-
ture of the Age.

In this collection it is intended to include the best

productions in every department of knowledge;

popular philosophical treatise on topics of universal

interest; the most compact and brilliant histori-

cal books; valuable biographical memories; modern

voyages and travels, &c. ; together with scientific

and other collateral divisions; in the selection of 

all which, the most careful discrimination will be

observed. A mere glance over the wide domain of

our English literature will exhibit much yet unex-

plored and uncultivated, from which might be ga-

thered the fruits of a rich, luxuriant harvest; besides

which, the ever-teeming issues of the European

press open a vast revenue of literary wealth, from

which the above collection may be literally suppli-

ed. Original productions from American writers

will also occasionally be introduced. In submitting,

therefore, the esteemed work of Prof. WHEWLL

as a kind of first-fruits of their "New Miscellany,"

the publishers deem it only necessary to add, that

their arrangements for carrying forward the enter-

prise being of the most complete and efficient kind,

they confidently rely upon their efforts being met

with a ready response from the entire reading com-

munity.

This, they venture to believe, will be insured to
their Miscellany, no less from the intrinsic value
of the collection, than from its unparalleled econo
my : each volume being elegantly produced, bound

IN HANDSOME AND SUBSTANTIAL STYLE FITTED WITH-
OUT FARTHER EXPENSE FOR PERMANENT PRESERVA-
TION in the library ; the whole series being issued
in uniform binding, while the price of each volume
will be only Fifty Cents—far below the cost of
any similar series of books yet published in this,
or, it is believed, any other country.

PIANO-FORTES CHEAP FOR CASH.—THE
subscribers have on hand a handsome assort-
ment, 6, 6 1/2 and 7 octave, mahogany and rosewood
pianos. which they will warrant and sell low f r
cash or approved paper.

GLENN, ROGERS & CO., Manufacturers,
152 Fulton street, East of Broadway.

186

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

J. F. BROWNE & CO.

manufacturer of the

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION HARP

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard.
J. F. BROWNE respectfully informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for the manufacture
and importation of these very beautiful instruments, at	

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are such as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the high duties imposed by Tariff on these Instruments.

J. F. Browne would observe, these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modern improvements of

London and Paris, are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism. Particular care is taken

to fit them for the extremes of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufac-ture, imported in the usual way.

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe ; among the latter, he would mention

N. C. Boscha, who invariably selects from this establishment.	

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional talent in this country.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir:—Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of

testing their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof
against the inconstancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction.

January, 1845.	I am yours, CHARLES THIBAULT, No. 40 Beach St., N. Y.

Dear Sir:—I write to express the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella's Concert in this city.—	

The mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old

Master, Boscha, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other. Yours, most truly, H.G. Trust.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—I have much pleasure in saying, that the Harp of your make I performed on at the St. George's Society

Concert, is, in brilliancy of tone, touch, and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever played on. This will apply to all your Harps.

The grand six and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument. Yours with respect,
New York, January 16th, 1845.		ELIZABETH SLOMAN.

______	A pupil of N. C. Boscha.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir:— Having at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps, I find they possess the best quali-
ties of the first makers in Europe combined. That in the ease of touch, by which the most brilliant tone is obtained, in perfection and

ease of modulation, they are superior to any I have used; their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste. Your new

Grand Gothic six and a half octave, is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world; it will give me great pleasure

in recommending your Harps at every opportunity.	Yours Truly, HENRY HORN

January 12th, 1845.	An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every way capable of
making a correct decision. J. F. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Arts, Philadelphia, for his splendid

improvements in this delightful Instrument.	

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

The southern literary messenger

B. B. MINOR, Proprietor. Published monthly,
at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

The MESSENGER has been established since
1835, has a large subscrip ion list, and is the princi-
pal organ of Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office
of the “ Broadway Journal, " 135 Nassau street.

PAINE & BURGESS, will publish on Saturday
Medici Series of Italian Prose, Part 4th.

The Citizen of a Republic—by Ansaldo Ceba, 1 vol.
12mo. Price 50 Cents.

Of the political writers of Italy, Ceba is consider
ed the best. Bold and independent in his spirit-
rich and varied in his learning lofty in his heroism
—pure in his patriotism—unsullied in his piety—full
of years, and ripe in experience he wrote this trea-
tise. From the time it appeared, it became the text
book of republicans in Italy and the manual of every
generation of his countrymen.

LATELY PUBLISHED.
CHALLENGE OF BARLETTA.—1 vol. 12mo.
THE FLORENTINE HISTORIES—2 vols. do.

JUST PUBLISHED BY H. G. DAGGERS, 30 Ann
Street, New York.

THE COTTON LORD. By Mrs. Stone. A Ro
mance of the Rich and Poor, written by a lady of
brilliant talents. 25 Cents.

FRANKENSTEIN, by Mrs. Mary W. Shelley,
wife of the illustrious poet. “It is among the most
exciting and terrible of modern romances.”—Tri
bune. 25 Cents.

LAWRIE TODD, by John Galt, with an original
preface by the original Lawne Todd, viz: Grant
Thorburn, Esq. “Mr. Thorburn’s Preface is worth
more than the price asked for the novel.” 25 Cents.
THE NUN; or, Life in a Convent. By one of
the Sisterhood. “ A terrible exposition of the secret
practices of Roman Catholics. 25 Cents.

POOR JACK. By Captain Marryatt, author of
Midshipman Easy, Peter Simple, &c. 25 Cents.

N. B. All of the above will be sent for One Dol
lar to any person ordering them through Postmas-
ters, who are by law authorized to remit money to
publishers. Any Postmaster ordering the above
shall be presented with either novel he may select.

BEETHOVEN’S MOUNT OF OLIVES AND
the SEVEN SLEEPERS —During the week of
the American Musical Convention. —The sublime
Oratorio of the Mount of Olives, by the immortal
Beethoven, and the Seven Sleepers, by Dr. Lowe,
will he performed at the Tabernacle, on Thursday
evening, the 9th October next, under the direction of
MR. GEORGE LODER

The Chorus and Orchestra will be full and effect-
ive, and the solo parts will be sustained by resident 
talent

Mr. H. C. TIMM will preside at the Organ.
Tickets, 50 cents each, may be obtained on and
after Thursday next, at the principal music stores
Subscribers will receive three tickets for one dollar
as usual.

N. B.—The first rehearsal takes place on Thurs
day evening next, at the Coliseum, 456 Broadway ;
where the undersigned will be most happy to meet
all who have formerly rehearsed with him, and any
other good readers who are disposed to aid in the
attempt to bring out a d encourage resident talent.

HENRY MEIGGS, 446 Broadway.

G. H. DERWORT, PROFESSOR OP SINGING,

Guitar and Piano Forte, has opened a class
for Young Ladies, from 7 to 10 years of age, among
whom are three of his own daughters, whom he
proposes to thoroughly instruct in the art of Singing
Mr. Derwort’s system is the remit of many years'
observation and experience, during which be his
successfully taught in Germany, London, and New
York. His method cannot fail to impart to hit pu-
pits a clear perception and a thorough knowledge
of the grammatical principles of music with the
ability to harmonize any simple given melody.

Parents and guardians are invited to rail at Ms
Rooms, 427 Broadway, when every inquiry will be
answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in ad
vance. Lessons three times a week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

-

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER —JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near
Elm. A Large Stock of the finest instruments al
ways on hand. Terms moderate. FOR SALE—A
Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be told at a great
bargain for cash.

J BALLARD, PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR,
• Singing, and Flute, No. 135 Spring street.

CARD OF REMOVAL.—MR. W. A KING,
Professor of Music and Teacher of the Piano-
Forte and Organ, has Removed to the First House
above Twenty-Fifth Street on the Rail-Road (4th
Avenue )

Our First Volume.—A few copies of
the first volume of the Broadway Jonr-
nal are for sale at the office, either in
numbers or neatly bound.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY
JOURNAL.

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.

R. G. H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct.

M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.

Robinson A Jones, Cincinnati, O.

D. M. Dewey, Rochester, N. Y.

J. Robertson, Syracuse, N. Y.

W. E. Russell, Schenectady, N. Y.

Levi Willard, Troy, N. Y.

G. Jones, Albany, N. Y.

 S F. Hoyt, Newburgh, N. Y.

Shurtz & Wilde, Baltimore, Md.

Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia.

Thos. H. Pease, New-Hsven, Ct.
J. C. Morgan, New-Orleans.

W. W. Kingsley, New-London, Ct.

G. N. Beesley, Utica, N Y.

H. B. Strang, Peekskill, N. Y.
Haliburton & Dudley Boston, Masss.

S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.

Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct.
H. Esten, Providence, R.I.

Safford & Park, Norwich. Ct.