THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.

EDGAR A. POE,

EDITOR AND PROPRIETOR.

NO. 21.

NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 29, 1845.

The Office of the Broadway Journal is removed to 304
Broadway, corner of Duane.

Sonnet.

TO MISS ANNE C. LYNCH.

As on the tempest-chafed and struggling sea
In silence falls the pensile, silvery beam,

And the vexed waters murmur tranquilly,

And imaged there the stars of beauty gleam,—

Even so—sweet lady—o’er my spirit glide
Thy lyre’s soft melodies, like summer light;

And lo, within, as on the moonlit tide,

A vision fairer than the heaven of night!

Oh, ever might the high and holy Thought
Waked by thy muse—the senseless heart enfold,

As once warm life within the marble cold
With passionate clasp the noble sculptor wrought,—

Thus would the flame that still aspires on high
Be kindled there—thus life be bom that could not die!

E. F. ELLET.

A Tale of the  Ragged Mountains.

During the fall of the year 1827, while residing near
Charlottesville, Virginia, I casually made the acquaint-
ance of Mr. Augustus Bedloe. This young gentleman
was remarkable in every respect, and excited in me a
profound interest and curiosity. I found it impossible to
comprehend him either in his moral or his physical rela-
tions. Of his family I could obtain no satisfactory ac-
count. Whence he came, I never ascertained. Even
about his age—although I call him a young gentleman—
there was something which perplexed me in no little de-
gree. He certainly seemed young—and he made a
point of speaking about his youth—yet there were mo-
ments when I should have had little trouble in imagining
him a hundred years of age. But in no regard was he
more peculiar than in his personal appearance. He was
singularly tall and thin. He stooped much. His limbs
were exceedingly long and emaciated. His forehead was
broad and low. His complexion was absolutely bloodless.
His mouth was large and flexible, and his teeth were
more wildly uneven, although sound, than I had ever be-
fore seen teeth in a human head. The expression of his
smile, however, was by no means unpleasing, as might
be supposed ; but it had no variation whatever. It was
one of profound melancholy—of a phaseless and unceas-
ing gloom. His eyes were abnormally large, and round
like those of a cat. The pupils, too, upon any accession
or diminution of light, underwent contraction or dilation,
just such as is observed in the feline tribe. In moments
of excitement the orbs grew bright to a degree almost in-
conceivable ; seeming to emit luminous rays, not of a re-
flected, but of an intrinsic lustre, as does a candle or the
sun; yet their ordinary condition was so totally vapid,

filmy and dull, as to convey the idea of the eyes of a
long-interred corpse.

These peculiarities of person appeared to cause him
much annoyance, and he was continually alluding to them
in a sort of half explanatory, half apologetic strain,
which, when I first heard it, impressed me very painfully.

I soon, however, grew accustomed to it, and my uneasi-
ness wore off. It seemed to be his design rather to in-
sinuate than directly to assert that, physically, he had
not always been what he was—that a long series of neu-
ralgic attacks had reduced him from a condition of more
than usual personal beauty, to that which I saw. For
many years past he had been attended by a physician,
named Templeton—an old gentleman, perhaps seventy
years of age—whom he had first encountered at Saratoga,
and from whose attention, while there, he either receiv-
ed, or fancied that he received, great benefit. The result
was that Bedloe, who was wealthy, had made an ar-
rangement with Doctor Templeton, by which the latter,
in consideration of a liberal annual allowance, had con-
sented to devote his time and medical experience exclu-
sively to the care of the invalid.

Doctor Templeton had been a traveller in his younger
days, and, at Paris, had become a convert, in great meas-
ure, to the doctrines of Mesmer. It was altogether by
means of magnetic remedies that he had succeeded in
alleviating the acute pains of his patient; and this suc-
cess had very naturally inspired the latter with a certain
degree of confidence in the opinions from which the rem-
edies had been educed. The Doctor, however, like all
enthusiasts, had struggled hard to make a thorough con-
vert of his pupil, and finally so far gained his point as to
induce the sufferer to submit to numerous experiments.—
By a frequent repetition of these, a result had arisen,
which of late days has become so common as to attract
little or no attention, but which, at the period of which
I write, had very rarely been known in America. I mean
to say, that between Doctor Templeton and Bedloe there
had grown up, little by little, a very distinct and strongly
marked rapport, or magnetic relation. I am not prepar-
ed to assert, however, that this rapport extended beyond
the limits of the simple sleep-producing power ; but this
power itself had attained great intensity. At the first
attempt to induce the magnetic somnolency, the mesmer-
ist entirely failed. In the fifth or sixth he succeeded very
partially, and after long continued effort. Only at the
twelfth was the triumph complete. After this the will
of the patient succumbed rapidly to that of the physi-
cian, so that, when I first became acquainted with the
two, sleep was brought about almost instantaneously, by
the mere volition of the operator, even when the invalid
was unaware of his presence. It is only now, in the year
1845, when similar miracles are witnessed daily by thou-
sands, that I dare venture to record this apparent impos-
sibility as a matter of serious fact.

316

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

The temperature of Bedloe was, in the highest degree,
sensitive, excitable, enthusiastic. His imagination was
singularly vigorous and creative ; and no doubt it derived
additional force from the habitual use of morphine, which
he swallowed in great quantity, and without which he
would have found it impossible to exist. It was his prac-
tice to take a very large dose of it immediately after
breakfast, each morning—or rather immediately after a
cup of strong coffee, for he ate nothing in the forenoon—
and then set forth alone, or attended only by a dog,
upon a long ramble among the chain of wild and dreary
hills that lie westward and southward of Charlottesville,
and are there dignified by the title of the Ragged Moun-
tains.

Upon a dim, warm, misty day, towards the close of
November, and during the strange interregnum of the
seasons which in America is termed the Indian Summer
Mr. Bedloe departed, as usual, for the hills. The day
passed, and still he did not return.

About eight o’clock at night, having become seriously
alarmed at his protracted absence, we were about setting
out in search of him, when he unexpectedly made his ap-
pearance, in health no worse than usual, and in rather
more than ordinary spirits. The account which he gave
of his expedition, and of the events which had detained
him, was a singular one indeed.

“You will remember,” said he, “that it was about
nine in the morning when I left Charlottesville. I bent
my steps immediately to the mountains, and, about ten,
entered a gorge which was entirely new to me. I fol-
lowed the windings of this pass with much interest.—
The scenery which presented itself on all sides, although
scarcely entitled to be called grand, had about it an in-
describable, and to me, a delicious aspect of dreary deso-
lation. The solitude seemed absolutely virgin. I could
not help believing that the green sods and the gray rocks
upon which I trod, had been trodden never before by the
foot of a human being. So entirely secluded, and in fact
inaccessible, except through a series of accidents, is the
entrance of the ravine, that it is by no means impossible
that I was indeed the first adventurer—the very first and
sole adventurer who had ever penetrated its recesses.

“ The thick and peculiar mist, or smoke, which distin-
guishes the Indian Summer, and which now hung heavi-
ly over all objects, served, no doubt, to deepen the vague
impressions which these objects created. So dense was
this pleasant fog, that I could at no time see more than a
dozen yards of the path before me. This path was ex-
cessively sinuous, and as the sun could not be seen, I soon
lost all idea of the direction in which I journeyed. In
the meantime the morphine had its customary effect—
that of enduing all the external world with an intensity
of interest. In the quivering of a leaf—in the hue of a
blade of grass—in the shape of a trefoil—in the humming
of a bee—in the gleaming of a dew-drop—in the breath-
ing of the wind—in the faint odors that came from the
forest—there came a whole universe of suggestion—a gay
and motly train of rhapsodical and immethodical thought.

“ Busied in this, I walked on for several hours, during
which the mist deepened around me to so great an ex-
tent, that at length I was reduced to an absolute groping
of the way. And now an indescribable uneasiness pos-
sessed me—a species of nervous hesitation and tremor.—
I feared to tread, lest I should be precipitated into some
abyss. I remembered, too, strange stories told about these
Ragged Hills, and of the uncouth and fierce races of men
who tenanted their groves and caverns. A thousand

vague fancies oppressed and disconcerted me—fancies
the more distressing because vague. Very suddenly
my attention was arrested by the loud beating of a
drum.

“ My amazement was, of course, extreme. A drum in
these hills was a thing unknown. I could not have been
more surprised at the sound of the trump of the Arch-
angel. But a new and still more astounding source of
interest and perplexity arose. There came a wild rat-
tling or jingling sound, as if of a bunch of large keys—
and upon the instant a dusky-visaged and half-naked
man rushed past me with a shriek. He came so close to
my person that I felt his hot breath upon my face. He
bore in one hand an instrument composed of an assemb-
lage of steel rings, and shook them vigorously as he ran.
Scarcely had he disappeared in the mist, before, panting
after him, with open mouth and glaring eyes, there dart-
ed a huge beast. I could not be mistaken in its charac-
ter. It was a hyena.

“ The sight of this monster rather relieved than heigh-
tened my terrors—for I now made sure that I dreamed,
and endeavored to arouse myself to waking consciousness.
I stepped boldly and briskly forward. I rubbed my eyes.
I called aloud. I pinched my limbs. A small spring of
water presented itself to my view, and here, stooping, I
bathed my hands and my head and neck. This seemed
to dissipate the equivocal sensations which had hitherto
annoyed me. I arose, as I thought, a new man, and pro-
ceeded steadily and complacently on my unknown way.

“ At length, quite overcome by exertion, and by a
certain oppressive closeness of the atmosphere, I seated
myself beneath a tree. Presently there came a feeble
gleam of sunshine, and the shadow of the leaves of the
tree fell faintly but definitely upon the grass. At this
shadow I gazed wonderingly for many minutes. Its cha-
racter stupified me with astonishment. I looked upward.
The tree was a palm.

“ I now arose hurriedly, and in a state of fearful agita-
tion—for the fancy that I dreamed would serve me no
longer. I saw—I felt that I had perfect command of my
senses—and these senses now brought to my soul a world
of novel and singular sensation. The heat became all
at once intolerable. A strange odor loaded the breeze.—
A low continuous murmur, like that arising from a full,
but gently-flowing river, came to my ears, intermingled
with the peculiar hum of multitudinous human voices.

“ While I listened in an extremity of astonishment
which I need not attempt to describe, a strong and brief
gust of wind bore off the incumbent fog as if by the wand
of an enchanter.

“I found myself at the foot of a high mountain, and
looking down into a vast plain, through which wound a
majestic river. On the margin of this river stood an
Eastern-looking city, such as we read of in the Arabian
Tales, but of a character even more singular than any
there described. From my position, which was far above
the level of the town, I could perceive its every nook and
corner, as if delineated on a map. The streets seemed
innumerable, and crossed each other irregularly in all di-
rections, but were rather long winding alleys than streets,
and absolutely swarmed with inhabitants. The houses
were wildly picturesque. On every hand was a wilder-
ness of balconies, of verandahs, of minarets, of shrines,
and fantastically carved oriels. Bazaars abounded ; and
in these were displayed rich wares in infinite variety and
profusion—silks, muslins, the most dazzling cutlery, the
most magnificent jewels and gems. Besides these things,

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

317

were seen, on all sides, banners and palanquins, litters
with stately dames close veiled, elephants gorgeously
caparisoned, idols grotesquely hewn, drums, banners and
gongs, spears, silver and gilded maces. And amid the
crowd, and the clamor, and the general intricacy and con-
fusion—amid the million of black and yellow men, tur-
baned and robed, and of flowing beard, there roamed a
countless multitude of holy filleted bulls, while vast le-
gions of the filthy but sacred ape clambered, chattering
and shrieking, about the cornices of the mosques, or clung
to the minarets and oriels. From the swarming streets
to the banks of the river, there descended innumerable
flights of steps leading to bathing places, while the river
itself seemed to force a passage with difficulty through
the vast fleets of deeply-burthened ships that far and wide
encumbered its surface. Beyond the limits of the city
arose, in frequent majestic groups, the palm and the
cocoa, with other gigantic and wierd trees of vast age ;
and here and there might be seen a field of rice, the
thatched hut of a peasant, a tank, a stray temple, a gyp-
sy camp, or a solitary graceful maiden taking her way,
with a pitcher upon her head, to the banks of the magni-
ficent river.

“ You will say now, of course, that I dreamed; but not so.
What I saw—what I heard—what I felt—what I thought
—had about it nothing of the unmistakeable idiosyncrasy
of the dream. All was rigorously self-consistent. At
first, doubting that I was really awake, I entered into a
series of tests, which soon convinced me that I really
was. Now, when one dreams, and, in the dream, sus-
pects that he dreams, the suspicion never fails to confirm
itself, and the sleeper is almost immediately aroused.—
Thus Novalis errs not in saying that ‘ we are near wak-
ing when we dream that we dream.’ Had the vision
occured to me as I describe it, without my suspecting it
as a dream, then a dream it might absolutely have been,
but, occurring as it did, and suspected and tested as it
was, I am forced to class it among other phenomena.”

“ In this I am not sure that you are wrong,” observed
Dr. Templeton, “ but proceed. You arose and descended
into the city.”

“ I arose,” continued Bedloe, regarding the Doctor with
an air of profound astonishment, “ I arose, as you say,
and descended into the city. On my way, I fell in with
an immense populace, crowding, through every avenue,
all in the same direction, and exhibiting in every action
the wildest excitement. Very suddenly, and by some in-
conceivable impulse, I became intensely imbued with per-
sonal interest in what was going on. I seemed to feel
that I had an important part to play, without exactly un-
derstanding what it was. Against the crowd which en-
vironed me, however, I experienced a deep sentiment of
animosity. I shrank from amid them, and, swiftly, by a
circuitous path, reached and entered the city. Here all
was the wildest tumult and contention. A small party
of men, clad in garments half-Indian half European, and
officered by gentlemen in a uniform partly British, were
engaged, at great odds, with the swarming rabble of the
alleys. I joined the weaker party, arming myself with
the weapons of a fallen officer, and fighting I knew not
whom with the nervous ferocity of despair. We were
soon overpowered by numbers, and driven to seek refuge
in a species of kiosk. Here we barricaded ourselves,
and, for the present, were secure. From a loop-hole near
the summit of the kiosk, I perceived a vast crowd, in fu-
rious agitation, surrounding and assaulting a gay palace
that overhung the river. Presently, from an upper win-

dow of this palace, there descended an effeminate-look-
ing person, by means of a string made of the turbans of
his attendants. A boat was at hand, in which he escap-
ed to the opposite bank of the river.

And now a new object took possession of my soul. I
spoke a few hurried but energetic words to my compan-
ions, and, having succeeded in gaining over a few of them
to my purpose, made a frantic sally from the kiosk. We
rushed amid the crowd that surrounded it. They retreat-
ed, at first, before us. They rallied, fought madly, and
retreated again. In the mean time we were borne far
from the kiosk, and became bewildered and entangled
among the narrow streets of tall overhanging houses, into
the recesses of which the sun had never been able to
shine. The rabble pressed impetuously upon us, harass-
ing us with their spears, and overwhelming us with
flights of arrows. These latter were very remarkable,
and resembled in some respects the writhing creese of
the Malay. They were made to imitate the body of a
creeping serpent, and were long and black, with a pois-
oned barb. One of them struck me upon the right tem-
ple. I reeled and fell. An instantaneous and deadly
sickness seized me. I struggled—I gasped—I died.”

“ You will hardly persist now,” said I, smiling, “ that
the whole of your adventure was not a dream. You are
not prepared to maintain that you are dead ?”

When I said these words, I of course expected some
lively sally from Bedloe in reply ; but, to my astonish-
ment, he hesitated, trembled, became fearfully pallid, and
remained silent. I looked towards Templeton. He sat
erect and rigid in his chair—his teeth chattered, and his
eyes were starting from their sockets. “ Proceed !” he
at length said hoarsely to Bedloe.

“For many minutes,” continued the latter, “ my sole
sentiment—my sole feeling—was that of darkness and
nonentity, with the consciousness of death. At length,
there seemed to pass a violent and sudden shock through
my soul, as if of electricity. With it came the sense of
elasticity and of light. This latter I felt—not saw. In
an instant I seemed to rise from the ground. But I had
no bodily, no visible, audible, or palpable presence. The
crowd had departed. The tumult had ceased. The city
was in comparative repose. Beneath me lay my corpse,
with the arrow in my temple, the whole head greatly
swollen and disfigured. But all these things I felt—not
saw. I took interest in nothing. Even the corpse seem-
ed a matter in which I had no concern. Volition I had
none, but appeared to be impelled into motion, and flitted
buoyantly out of the city, retracing the circuitous path
by which I had entered it. When I had attained that
point of the ravine in the mountains, at which I had en-
countered the hyena, I again experienced a shock as of
a galvanic battery ; the sense of weight, of volition, of
substance, returned. I became my original self, and bent
my steps eagerly homewards—but the past had not lost
the vividness of the real—and not now, even for an in-
stant, can I compel my understanding to regard it as a
dream.”

“ Nor was it,” said Templeton, with an air of deep
solemnity, “yet it would be difficult to say how other-
wise it should be termed. Let us suppose only, that the
soul of the man of to-day is upon the verge of some stupen-
dous psychal discoveries. Let us content ourselves with
this supposition. For the rest I have some explanation
to make. Here is a water-colour drawing, which I should
have shown you before, but which an unaccountable sen-
iment of horror has hitherto prevented me from showing.”

318

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

We looked at the picture which he presented. I saw
nothing in it of an extraordinary character ; but its effect
upon Bedloe was prodigious. He nearly fainted as he
gazed. And yet it was but a miniature portrait—a mi-
raculously accurate one, to be sure—of his own very re-
markable features. At least this was my thought as I
regarded it.

“ You will perceive,” said Templeton, “ the date of
this picture—it is here, scarcely visible, in this corner—
1780. In this year was the portrait taken. It is the like-
ness of a dead friend—a Mr. Oldeb—to whom I became
much attached at Calcutta, during the administration of
Warren Hastings. I was then only twenty years old.—
When I first saw you, Mr. Bedloe, at Saratoga, it was
the miraculous similarity which existed between yourself
and the painting, which induced me to accost you, to
seek your friendship, and to bring about those arrange-
ments which resulted in my becoming your constant
companion. In accomplishing this point, I was urged
partly, and perhaps principally, by a regretful memory
of the deceased, but also, in part, by an uneasy, and not
altogether horrorless curiosity respecting yourself.

“ In your detail of the vision which presented itself to
you amid the hills, you have described, with the mi-
nutest accuracy, the Indian city of Benares, upon the
Holy River. The riots, the combats, the massacre, were
the actual events of the insurrection of Cheyte Sing,
which took place in 1780, when Hastings was put in im-
minent peril of his life. The man escaping by the string
of turbans, was Cheyte Sing himself. The party in the
kiosk were sepoys and British officers, headed by Hast-
ings. Of this party I was one, and did all I could to
prevent the rash and fatal sally of the officer who fell,
in the crowded alleys, by the poisoned arrow of a Ben-
galee. That officer was my dearest friend. It was
Oldeb. You will perceive by these manuscripts,” (here
the speaker produced a note-book in which several pages
appeared to have been freshly written) “ that at the very
period in which you fancied these things amid the hills,

I was engaged in detailing them upon paper here at
home.”

In about a week after this conversation, the following
paragraphs appeared in a Charlottesville paper.

“We have the painful duty of announcing the death
of Mr. Augustus Bedlo, a gentleman whose amiable
manners and many virtues have long endeared him to
the citizens of Charlottesville.

“Mr. B., for some years past, has been subject to neur-
algia, which has often threatened to terminate fatally ;
but this can be regarded only as the mediate cause of
his decease. The proximate cause was one of especial
singularity. In an excursion to the Ragged Mountains,
a few days since, a slight cold and fever were contract-
ed, attended with great determination of blood to the
head. To relieve this, Dr. Templeton resorted to topical
bleeding. Leeches were applied to the temples. In a
fearfully brief period the patient died, when it appeared
that, in the jar containing the leeches, had been intro-
duced, by accident, one of the venomous vermicular sang-
sues which are now and then found in the neighboring
ponds. This creature fastened itself upon a small artery
in the right temple. Its close resemblance to the medi-
cinal leech caused the mistake to be overlooked until too
late.

“ N. B. The poisonous sangsue of Charlottesville may
always be distinguished from the medicinal leech by its
blackness, and especially by its writhing or vermicular
motions, which very nearly resemble those of a snake.”

I was speaking with the editor of the paper in ques-
tion, upon the topic of this remarkable accident, when it
occurred to me to ask how it happened that the name of
the deceased had been given as Bedlo.

“ I presume,” said I, “ you have authority for this
spelling, but I have always supposed the name to be writ-
ten with an e at the end.”

“ Authority ?—no,” he replied. “ It is a mere typo-
graphical error. The name is Bedlo with an e, all the
world over, and I never knew it to be spelt otherwise in
my life.”

“ Then,” said I mutteringly, as I turned upon my heel,
“ then indeed has it come to pass that one truth is
stranger than any fiction—for Bedlo, without the e, what
is it but Oldeb conversed ? And this man tells me it is
a typographical error.”	Edgar A. Poe.

To ---------

“ In Heaven a spirit doth dwell,

Whose heart-strings are a lute.”

I cannot tell the world how thrills my heart
To every touch that flies thy lyre along;

How the wild Nature and the wondrous Art,

Blend into Beauty in thy passionate song—

But this I know—in thine enchanted slumbers,

Heaven’s poet, Israfel,—with minstrel fire—

Taught thee the music of his own sweet numbers,

And tuned—to chord with his—thy glorious lyre!

Francis S. Osgood.

Art-Singing and Heart-Singing.*

Great is the power of Music over a people ! As for
us of America, we have long enough followed obedient
and child-like in the track of the Old World. We have
received her tenors and her buffos, her operatic troupes
and her vocalists, of all grades and complexions ; listened
to and applauded the songs made for a different state of
society—made, perhaps, by royal genius, but made to
please royal ears likewise ; and it is time that such lis-
tening and receiving should cease. The subtlest spirit
of a nation is expressed through its music—and the mu-
sic acts reciprocally upon the nation’s very soul. Its ef-
fects may not be seen in a day, or a year, and yet these
effects are potent invisibly. They enter into religious
feelings—they tinge the manners and morals—they are
active even in the choice of legislators and high magis-
trates. Tariff can be varied to fit circumstances—bad
laws obliterated and good ones formed—those enactments
which relate to commerce or national policy, built up or
taken away, stretched or contracted, to suit the will of
the government for the time being. But no human pow-
er can thoroughly suppress the spirit which lives in na-
tional lyrics, and sounds in the favorite melodies sung by
high and low.

There are two kinds of singing—heart-singing and art-
singing. That which touches the souls and sympathies
of other communities may have no effect here—unless it
appeals to the throbbings of the great heart of humanity

* The author desires us to say, for him, that he pretends to no
scientific knowledge of music. He merely claims to appreciate
so much of it (a sadly disdained department, just now) as affects,
in the language ol the deacons, “ the natural heart of man.” It is
scarcely necessary to add that we agree with our correspondent
throughout.	Ed. B. J.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

319

itself—pictures love, hope, or mirth in their comprehen-
sive aspect. But nearly every nation has its peculiarities
and its idioms, which make its best intellectual efforts
dearest to itself alone, so that hardly any thing which
comes to us in the music and songs of the Old World, is
strictly good and fitting to our own nation.

With all honor and glory to the land of the olive and
the vine, fair-skied Italy—with no turning up of noses at
Germany, France, or England—we humbly demand
whether we have not run after their beauties long enough.

“ At last we have found it!” exclaimed we, some nights
since, at the conclusion of the performances by the Che-
ney Family, in Niblo’s Saloon. At last we have found,
and heard, and seen something original and beautiful in
the way of American musical execution. Never hav-
ing been present at any of the Hutchinsons’ Concerts,
(the Cheneys, we are told, are after the same tok-
en,) the elegant simplicity of this style took us com-
pletely by surprise, and our gratification was inexpressi-
ble. This, said we in our heart, is the true method
which must become popular in the United States—which
must supplant the stale, second-hand, foreign method,
with its flourishes, its ridiculous sentimentality, its anti-
republican spirit, and its sycophantic influence, tainting
the young taste of the republic.

The Cheney young men are such brown-faced, stout-
shouldered fellows as you will see in almost any Ameri-
can church, in a country village, of a Sunday. The girl
is strangely simple, even awkward, in her ways. Or it
may possibly be that she disdains the usual clap-trap of
smiles, hand-kissing, and dancing-school bends. To our
taste, there is something refreshing about all this. We
are absolutely sick to nausea of the patent-leather, curl-
ed-hair, “japonicadom” style. The Cheneys are as
much ahead of it as real teeth are ahead of artificial
ones—even those which Dodge, (nature-rival, as he is,)
sent to the late Fair. We beg these young Yankees to
keep their manners plain alway. The sight of them, as
they are, puts one in mind of health and fresh air in the
country, at sunrise—the dewy, earthy fragrance that
comes up then in the moisture, and touches the nostrils
more gratefnlly than all the perfumes of the most ingen:
ious chemist.

These hints we throw out rather as suggestive of a
train of thought to other and more deliberate thinkers
than we—and not as the criticisms of a musical connois-
seur. If they have pith in them, we have not much
doubt others will|carry them out. If not, we at least know
they are written in that true wish for benefitting the sub-
ject spoken of, which should characterize all such es-
says.	Walter Whitman.

Lines.

TO HER WHO CAN UNDERSTAND THEM.

Air—To ladies’ eyes a round—boy.

The song that o’er me hovered

In summer’s hour—in summer’s hour
To day with joy has covered

My winter bower—my winter bower.

Blest be the lips that breathe it!

As mine have been—as mine have been
When pressed, in dreams, beneath it,

To hers unseen—to hers unseen.

And may her heart, wherever
Its hope may be—its hope may be—

Beat happily, though never
To beat for me—to beat for me!

Is she spirit, given

One hour to earth—one hour to earth,

To bring me dreams from heaven

Her place of birth—her place of birth?
Or minstrel maiden—hidden
Like cloistered nun—like cloistered nun—

A bud, a flower forbidden
To air and sun—to air and sun?
For had I power to summon
With harp divine—with harp divine—

The angel, or the woman,

The last were mine—the last were mine!

If earth-born beauty’s fingers
Awaked the lay, awaked the lay
Whose echoed music lingers
Around my way, around my way—

Where smiles the hearth she blesses

With voice and eye, with voice and eye?
Where binds the Night her tresses,

When sleep is nigh, when sleep is nigh?
Is Fashion’s bleak, cold mountain
Her bosom’s throne, her bosom’s throne?
Or Love’s green vale and fountain,

With one alone, with one alone?

Why ask, why seek a treasure
Like her I sing, like her I sing?
Her name, nor pain nor pleasure
To me should bring, to me should bring.

Love must not grieve nor gladden
My thoughts of snow, my thoughts of snow;

Nor woman soothe or sadden

My hours below, my hours below.

Before a worldlier altar

I’ve knelt too long, I’ve knelt too long;

And if my footsteps falter,

’Tis but in song, ’tis but in song.

Nor would I break the vision
Young fancies frame, young fancies frame,

That decks, with stars elysian,

A poet’s name, a poet’s name—

For her, whose gentle spirit
Such dreams sublime, such dreams sublime
Gives hues they do not merit
To sons of rhyme, to sons of rhyme.

But place the proudest near her,

Whate’er his pen, whate’er his pen,

She’ll say—(be mute who hear her!)

“ Mere mortal men—mere mortal men!”

Yet though unseen, unseeing,

We meet and part, we meet and part,

Be still my worshipped being, 

In mind and heart, in mind and heart.

And bid thy song that found me,

My minstrel maid, my minstrel maid!

Be winter’s sunbeam round me,

And summer’s shade, and summer’s shade.

I could not gaze upon thee,

And dare thy spell, and dare thy spell—

And when a happier won thee,

Thus bid farewell, thus bid farewell!

Fitz Greene Halleck.



Epigram.

Ralph’s self-esteem.

From the Saxon.

Ralph says, on such as I, he still looks down,—

We shall not doubt of this, if he can show
That, in the moral ptllory of the town,

The scoundrel may see anything below.

W. Gilmore Simms.

320

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Critical Notices.

Wiley & Putnam's Library of American Books. No. 7.

Western Clearings. By Mrs. C. M. Kirkland, Author

of “A New Home"  etc.

Very few American books have produced as widely ex-
tended a sensation as Mrs. Kirkland’s “New Home.”—
The cause of this lay not merely in its picturesque and
amusing descriptions, its fresh and racy humor, or its
animated individual portraitures. It was the truth of its
delineations that constituted its great charm. The West
—the wild, rich, independent, glorious West—has been
a field hitherto untrodden by the sketcher or the novelist.
Some few brief glimpses of character we had, strange to
sojourners in the civilized East, in the works of other
writers ; but to Mrs. Kirkland alone we owe our acquain-
tance with the home and home-life of the backwoodsman.
She has represented scenes that could have occurred no-
where else, with a fidelity and vigor that show her pic-
tures taken from the very life; with a fine chisel that cut
breath itself, she has placed before us the veritable set-
tlers of the forest, with all their peculiarities, national
and individual; their free and fearless spirit, their home-
ly, utilitarian views ; their shrewdness, and sharp look-
ing out for self-interest; their thrifty care, and inventions
multiform; their coarseness of manner, united with real
delicacy and substantial kindness, when their sympathies
are called into action; in a word, with all the character-
istics that stamp the “Yankee,” in a region where the
salient points of character are not smoothed down by con-
tact with society, as an original creation among men.—
So life-like, or rather so living, have been the represen-
tations of Mrs. Kirkland, that they have not only been
recognized universally abroad, but appropriated at home
as individual portraits, by many who have been disposed
to plead trumpet-tongued, if not like angels, against what
they imagined “ the deep damnation of their taking off."
This was to be expected, and inevitable.

It will readily be seen that a minute and truthful pic-
ture of Western life could never be given in any grave his-
tory half so well as in the form of stories, where the per-
sons are suffered to develope themselves. This method
has been in part adopted by Mrs. Kirkland, in her former
sketches of Forest Life ; and more entirely in the present
volume. “ Western Clearings” is a collection of graphic
Tales, each illustrative of the customs, manners and ideas
of a peculiar people, and descriptive of a new and unci-
vilized, but great and growing country. We can only
glance at a few of these. “ The Land Fever,” is a
story of the wild days when the madness of specula-
tion in land was at its height. Both it, and “ The
Ball at Thram’s Huddle,” are richly characteristic.—
Only those who have had the fortune to visit or live
in these newly settled regions, can enjoy such pic-
tures to the full. “ Chances and Changes,” and “ Love
vs. Aristocracy,” are more regularly constructed Tales,
with the “ universal passion” for the moving power, but
colored with glowing hues of the West. “The Bee-tree”
exhibits a striking, but too numerous class among the
settlers, and marks, also, the length and breadth of the
bitterness that grows out of an unprosperous condition.

“Ambuscades,” and “ Half-lengths from Life,” we re-
member as the most piquant and delightful of the stories
in an annual a year or two since, to which the book owed,
according to the confession of the publishers, a large sale
among the conscious and pen-dreading Western people
themselves. Tom Oliver, in the first mentioned Tale, is
admirably sketched “ Half-lengths from Life,” has the

heart’s core and spirit of a backwoods life, on the trying
subject of caste. “ The Schoolmaster’s Progress,” is un-
rivalled in truth and humor. The Western Schoolmas-
ter—that walking nondescript—that stiff, solitary, unique
figure in the drama of a new settlement—sublimely ming-
led with the associations of our school-days—occupying
a middle position between “ our folks” and “ company,”
where he “ boarded round”—is depicted to the very life.
The individual cannot fail to be recognized as the repre-
sentative of a class. The occupation, indeed, always
seems to mould those engaged in it into the same like-
ness. They all, like Master Horner, “know well what
belongs to the pedagogical character, and that facial
solemnity stands high on the list of indispensable qualifi-
cations.” The spelling school, also, is a new country
feature which we owe thanks to our fair author for re-
cording. How important that such good old customs
should be preserved on the speaking page, when hereaf-
ter they may lose their peculiarity, if they be not effaced
from the memory, in the march of improvement!

“An Embroidered Fact,” is a narration of actual events,
described to the author by the hero himself. We like it
less than the other stories. The incidents are singular—
but not illustrative of the country. The same may be
said of the tragic occurrences in “Bitter Fruits from
Chance-sown Seeds but this last abounds in capital
touches of character. All the horrors of the Tale are
caused by the suspicion of pride ; an accusation, says the
author, as destructive at the West as that of witchcraft
in olden times, or the cry of mad dog at the present day.

“Western Clearings,” we are confident, will sustain
the author’s high reputation as one of the most original
and accomplished of American writers. Even her style
has a touch of Western freshness that renders it, and her
arch, playful satire, especially charming. The imagina-
tive or creative faculty is possessed by Mrs. Kirkland in
a high degree; but she is unrivalled in power of delinea-
tion; and in a marvellous felicity of expression, whereby
a world of meaning or humor is convey ed in some brief
phrase, she is approached by no female writer in the
country.



America and the American People. By Frederick Von

Raumer, Professor of History in the University of

Berlin, etc, etc. Translated from the German by

William W. Turner. New-York; J. & G. H. Lang-
ley.

We cannot better preface the few words we have to
say of this book than by the citation of a passage in
Professor Turner’s introduction.

His opinions on the whole respecting the institutions, the past
history, and the future prospects of this country, are in the highest
degree favorable ; and whenever he allows himself to find fault,
which is but seldom, he does it with evident reluctance, and with
the air of a friend whose admonitions are wholesome, not with
the bitterness of an enemy. The comparisons too, which he makes
between many of the American institutions and the corresponding
institutions of Europe, will be found useful and instructive. One
virtue of his will not be the less esteemed on account of its rarity
among writers in this country; and that is, that he has at least en-
deavored to make himself well acquainted with what he has under-

taken to write about. He has also shown great and commendable 

carefulness in every instance, not to violate the privileges of a guest 

by exposing to the world the confidences of private and social in-

tercourse,--a proceeding which some writers on both sides of the 

water might imitate with advantage. 

	Elsewhere the translator well observes that it is ra-
ther the subjectivity than the objectivity of the book
that will claim the attention of readers in this country

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

321

—that Americans will not resort to a work of this kind,
written by a foreigner, and which treats of such a va-
riety of delicate and different topics, to obtain minute
information on matters of fact.

The Baron himself, with a genuine modesty, admits
that he is not unaware of his incapacity for such detail.
“Should my book reach America,” he says, “I request
my readers there not to forget that it is especially in-
tended for Germany and that it can offer nothing new to
the well-informed inhabitants of the United States.”

These considerations and admissions should be care-
fully borne in mind by every American who reads the
book. Its commendable features are candor, evident de-
sire for truth, freedom from prejudice, comprehensive-
ness, and masterly breadth of generalization.

Perhaps there are no points at which we have greater
need of making allowance for the foreigner’s imperfect
means of information in detail, than those which concern
the state of our National Literature. Were we to say,
in round terms, that Professor Von Rammer has set forth
with accuracy not one fact in relation to American letters,
we fear that we should not be very far from the truth.
The German who is so rash as to estimate our condition by
what he here reads, will find himself in what may be
termed a high state of information.

“ The greater American periodicals or critical re-
views” says the Baron, among other things, “ distinguish
themselves by propriety, moderation, and dignity ; they
display an accurate knowledge of all sciences and often
contain criticisms which are masterly both in form and
substance.”

Of the “propriety” we are not prepared to speak—
and the “ dignity” will do—but the “moderation” (so far
at least as concerns the Down-East Review) must have
reference to the applause or attention bestowed upon
those insignificant indivduals who have the misfortune
to reside out of the limits of Massachusetts.

“Authors of really able productions” continues the
Baron, “ are liberally rewarded in America.”

Some one has informed the traveller, no doubt, that
Mr. Prescott received six thousand dollars for “ The
Conquest of Mexico”—for this is the one brilliant point
usually cited in defence of the liberality of American
publishers. Had the Professor made farther inquiry he
would have found that Mr. Prescott was engaged for
many years at his work, and that he expended for the
necessary books and other materials a large sum :—
the compensation thus afforded him, amounting in the
end to little more than any common scavenger might
have earned in the same period, upon our highways.

The most really curious portion, however, of the com-
ments on American Literature, is to be found in the fol-
lowing passage:

The richest or at least the most prolific department of poetry is
the lyric. But as in thousands of years there have been but one
Pindar and one Horace, (although every spring puts forth count-
less pleasing yet mostly perishable lyric blossoms,) it is performing
a valuable service, when a man of taste and information makes a
suitable, well assorted selection, and guides the friend of poetry in
his ramble through those groves, from which he might otherwise
be deterred by their immensity. Such service has been rendered
by Mr. Griswold, in his Poets and Poetry of America.

We have heard it asserted that it was out of the pow-
er of any such book as that of Mr. Griswold to effect
either good or evil—but we think that the evil is here
sufficiently obvious. His book is the largest one of its
kind. A distinguished foreigner very naturally supposes
it the best. He is not in condition to consider or to com-

prehend the innumerable petty arts by which, in Ameri-
ca, a dexterous quack may force even the most contempt-
ible work into notoriety and consequent circulation. The
foreigner’s opinions, and through him the opinions of
his countrymen, are thus in danger of being based (at
least for a time) upon a foundation, for which “ frothy”
is far too solid—far too respectable a term. If Dr.
Griswold’s book is really to be received as a fair re-
presentation of our poetical literature, then are we in a
very lamentable—or rather in a very ridiculous condi-
tion indeed.

Following such authority, Professor Von Raumer quotes
in especial, “ The Old Man’s Carousal” by Paulding!
and a lyric (the name of which we forget) by the Right
Reverend Bishop Doane!

We have been much surprised to find, in the Trans-
lator’s Preface, no acknowledgment of his indebtedness
to those who aided him in his very difficult task—to
Mr. Kirkland, for example, and to the accomplished
Mrs. Ellett—who, between them, prepared nearly, if not
quite, one half of the book. The omission, however,
may either have been accidental or have arisen from
some motives of publishing policy—motives which, we
admit, are now and then exceedingly difficult to under-
stand.

The Philosophy of Mystery. By Walter Cooper Dendy,

Fellow and Honorary Librarian of the Medical Socie-
ty of London, etc. etc. New York: Harper and Bro-
thers.

This really beautiful volume is No. 3 of Harper’s New
Miscellany. The style of this series is especially good;
the type is of proper size, the paper unusually fine, and the
binding (in boards, with embossed muslin,) particularly
neat and tasteful. The number of pages in a volume is
about 450. In literary character, the books of this se-
ries will tend towards the utile rather than the dulce—
combining the two as far as possible.

“ The Philosophy of Mystery” is an exceedingly able
work—far better, we think, than the “ Natural Magic”
of Brewster—a book of identical purpose carried out in a
totally different way. The “ Natural Magic” is the more
ratiocinative—Mr. Dendy’s essay the more poetical, the
more imaginative, and to us the more interesting. Sel-
dom, indeed, have we read any book which, for the time,
so thoroughly engrossed us.

Wiley & Putman's Foreign Library. Nos. 3 and 4. The
Rhine. By Victor Hugo.

This is a re-print of the best of two British translations
—and is the first American edition. A prefatory discourse
on European affairs, is very properly omitted.

The style of this “ Tour” is particularly French—there
is no other word for the idea. We find a great deal of
point, vivacity, wit, humor, archness, novelty—the whole
pervaded and “ toned down” by a delicious simplicity.—
It is not as a tourist, however, or as a sketcher, that Vic-
tor Hugo is most remarkable. His essays in this way are
scarcely better than those of fifty other Frenchmen—but
as a builder of brief fictions he is unequalled among his
countrymen—very far surpassing, we think, Eugene Sue.
His “ Notre Dame” is a work of high genius controlled
by consummate art.

Wiley & Putnam's Library of Choice Reading, Nos.

34 and 35. The Life of Condé, By Lord Mahon.

This is also a translation ; the work having been ori-

322

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

ginally written in French and without any view to publi-
cation. We need scarcely add that the work is one of
interest—for it concerns “ The Great Conde,” and is writ-
ten by Mahon.

Trippings in Authorland. By Fanny Forrester. New

York: Paine & Burgess.

This will assuredly prove to the public a very accept-
able collection. Few Americans have attained so much
of celebrity as has “ Fanny Forrester,” in so brief a time.
Some of her fame is, beyond question, due to the kindly
and frequent notices of Mr. Willis, but the greater portion
of it springs from intrinsic merit—from the vivacity and
talent of the author. She is one of our best Magazinists
the very best in her way—and her way would be admi-
rable in all respects but for a slight taunt of Willisism.
Not that we object to Willisism—in Willis.

We quote a portion of the Preface:

About a year ago, a girl sat down in her own quiet little room,
and, for very idleness, without object and without plan, produced
plan, produced a letter, which, the next week, found its way into
the New York Mirror. It was the first letter in this collection;
and Mr. Willis, one of the editors, after various speculations con-
cerning the author, added—

“ Well—we give in!—On condition that you are under twenty-
five, and that you will wear a rose (recognizably) in your boddice
the first day you appear in Broadway with the hat and 'balzarine,’
we will pay the bills. Write us, thereafter, a sketch of ‘ Bel’ and
and yourself, as cleverly done as this letter, and you may 'snug-
gle down’ on the sofa, and consider us paid, and the public charmed
with you.”

A reply was given by way of carrying out the frolic still father,
accompanied by the sketch of “ The Cousins,” which appeared in
the Mirror immediately after. These met with such a kind recep-
tion, that the pen became a more familiar thing than formerly in
those fingers, and so, behold upon them an indelible ink-mark.

We presume that there are not more than one or two of
our readers unaware of the fact that “ Fanny Forrester”
and Mrs. Emily S. Chubbuck are one and the same.

The Songs and Ballads of George P. Morris. First

Complete Edition. New York: Paine & Burgess.

It is utterly impossible to deny that many of these com-
yositions have merit of a high order—and, of course, we
have no disposition to deny it.

The Sibyl’s Wreath and Floral Emblems, with the Natal

Mouths. New.York: Published for the Prorpietor by

E. G. Langdon, 409 Broadway.

Some person has had the audacity to send us a book
thus entitled, with a slip of paper containing the follow-
ing words:

“ The Sibyl’s Wreath.—In this very pretty little volume we
have found more real fun than all the games we have yet seen.—
It is well got up, and deserves the patronage of every family in
the Union.”

The intention, of course, is that we shall adopt this
opinion as editorial—as our own.

We have no such opinion. The book is contemptible
at all points, and we should be sorry to recommend it to
"every family in the Union.” What would “ every fami-
ly in the Union” think of us, if, upon looking into a book
at our recommendation, “ every family in the Union”
should find the detestable vulgarity which follows:

Love and stewed oysters.

A handsome husband, (or wife) and a moderate portion of ju-
venile responsibilities.

One dumpling and two plates.

Quizzing, courting, a quilting frolic, and a glass of soda-water,
with a stick in it.

Love, lace, literature and ’lasses.

Oh, Mr. Coon, you’re come too soon.

Prehaps I mought—prehaps I moughn n’t, etc., etc.

These things are designed as answers—and are nearly
all of them to be found on one page.

Poems, by Alfred Tennyson. Two Volumes. Boston:
William D. Ticknor & Co.

This is a very neat, and altogether tasteful new edition
of a poet, who (in our own humble, but sincere opinion,)
is the greatest that ever lived. We are perfectly wil-
ling to undergo all the censure which so heretical an
opinion may draw down upon us.

Poems of Many Years. By Richard Monckton Milnes.
Boston : William D. Ticknor & Co.

This is also a new edition of a poet much and justly ad-
mired in England—and insufficiently appreciated by our-
selves. We may allude to the volume hereafter.

Americanism. An Address delivered before the Eucleian
Society of the New-York University, 30th of June, 1845,
by Cornelius Mathews. New-York: Paine & Burgess.
An excellent address, to which we shall refer more fully
next week, and from which we shall take the liberty of
making some extracts.

Narrative of the Exploring Expedition to the Rocky
Mountains, in the year 1842 ; and to Oregon and North
California, in the years 1843—4. By Brevet Captain
J. C. Fremont, of the Topographical Engineers. Re-
printed from the Original Copy published by order of
the Senate of the U.S. New-York: D. Appleton &
Co.

We scarcely know what to say of this narrative—so as
to recommend it with sufficient positiveness to our read-
ers. Undoubtedly it is one of the most interesting books
ever penned. “ Robinson Crusoe” is not better as a com-
position, and here we have the additional charm of truth
—a truth that cannot be doubted, and which, the tone of
narration assures us, is not exaggerated in any degree.

Harper's Illuminated Pictorial Bible, No. 43.

A number of more than average excellence. The
smaller wood-engravings are especially meritorious. No
English edition approaches this in the general beauty of
its embellishments.

The Wandering Jew, superbly Illustrated by the Most
Eminent Artists of Paris. A New and Elegant
Translation. Harper if Brothers. New-York.

No. 4 is issued. Its designs are beyond praise. When
completed, this will form one of the most richly illustrated
works ever published.

The Modern Standard Drama. Edited by Epes Sargent.
No. 7. The School for Scandal, etc. etc. New
York: William Taylor.

We are glad of the opportunity again to call attention
to this series. It is in all respects an excellent one.

The Columbian Magazine, for December, has an excel-
lent line engraving by Dick, from a painting by Allom—
the subject a Chinese Raree-show—also a good mezzo-
tint by Sadd. Its contributions are of more than average
merit. The number opens with “ A Remembrance” by
Mrs. Osgood—touching and graceful. There are articles,
also, by Mrs. Child, Mrs. Sigourney, Fanny Forrester,
Wm. Kirkland, Park Benjamin, John Brougham, and
others of note. “Lake Michigan at Night” is the title of

a particularly meritorious poem by M----e.

We are happy to understand that The Columbian is in

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

323

a very prosperous condition. It is published by Israel
Post, 140 Nassau street.

The Aristidean, for October, is unusually rich in good
things—more particularly in the way of poetry. “ The
Nameless River,” (which we attribute to A. M. Ide, Jr.)
is exquisitely versified and has some passages of a high
order of poetic excellence. We make a few quotations.

Serene its radiant waters flow,

In valleys calm and deep,

Where pine and ever-green cedar grow
And bending willows weep.

Beautiful flowers its banks adorn,

Its waves are lily-crowned,

And harvests of the emerald com
Swell o’er the plains around.

Yet not for this, for evermore
I love its silvery tide;

My steadfast, peerless Isadore
Dwells on the river-side!

Still unto her my spirit leans,

When, by the river side,

’Mid fragrant flowers and evergreens
I walk at eventide.

Upon its grassy banks at noon,

Like one in dreams astray,

I listen to the tremulous tune
The gliding waters play.

I loiter by its waves at night,

Through shadowy vales afar,

With visions of ideal delight
Entranced as lovers are.

With tremulous stars the waters gleam,

Like old enchanted streams:—

Beneath her lattice, wreathed with vine,

They murmur whilst she dreams!

“The Hope of the Broken-Hearted” is remarkable for
its passionate expression. We attribute it to the pen of T.
Mayne Reed, Esq., of Philadelphia.

Here is something terse and passionate—undoubtedly
by Mr. English.

Take back the token !

The words have been spoken ;

The cord and the chain
Have been severed in twain,

So that never again

May we bind up the links that are broken.

Quench the last ember,

Nor ever remember
The heart tempest-tost,

Nor the love thou hast lost,

Nor the tears that it cost,

Nor the life which has reached its December.

Now and forever
Our spirits must sever,—

Must sever, and yet
Can we ever forget
Our delight when we met?
By the wo of our memory never!

Among the prose papers there is an exceedingly queer,
one (no doubt by the editor.) We give an extract which
will explain the design :

Anxious to present our readers with the best specimens of the
poetry of this country, we addressed notes to various of our poets,

requesting them to furnish us, without charge, the means of ful-
filling our desire. This, we conceived, to be a very modest re-
quest. To our surprise, some ot these notes were returned; and
others were retained, hut no reply made. To some we received
answers, with the required poems.

Here is a specimen:

Boston.



Dear Sir:—I am happy to oblige you. I send you the enclosed
written in my usual, terse, epigrammatic style. The high opinion
you express ot my powers as a poet, are just; and show you have

more taste than the Hollis street congregation.

I am, very truly,

John Pierpont.



ODE TO THE MUSES

BY THE REV. JOHN PIERPONT.



Ye gentle muses! make me first
Of bards—like Harry Hirst !

To me the fire afford,

Of William W. Lord!

And be my songs like Coxe’s “ Saul,’’

Filled up with most abundant fol
-lol,
fol

de riddle dol!

Ye gentle muses! let my rhymes
Ring like the clinking chimes
Of those Campanalo-
—gian ringers, whom you know,

Within the Tabernacle Hall,

Present abundantly the fol
—lol,
fol

de riddle ded!

Ye gentle muses! if you will,

With fire my verses fill;

Permit this lamp of mine
O’er other lamps to shine;

And, if you won’t, confound ye all!

I’ll treat you to abundant fol
-lol,
fol

de riddle dol!



Simms’ Magazine, Graham, Godey, The Illustrated,
The Western, The Southern Messenger,and the South-
ern Quarterly Review, have all been received and
shall be noticed next week—until when, also, we must
defer what we have to say of the Annuals— some of
which (The Missionary Memorial, for example, The
Rose, The Diadem, and the Mayflower) are of a very
high order of excellence. We have on hand for imme-

diate notice Mrs. Osgood’s Poems—Mr. Cist’s.—The Pil-
grim’s Progress (Illustrated edition.)—The Sufferings of
Christ—and The Whiteboy, a Story of Ireland—the three
last from the fertile press of the Harpers.



Epigram.

From the Saxon.

Tom’s choice in fellowship and friends,

Behold his levee’s silent throngs;

Bad measures, meant for viler ends,

		Foul thoughts and meditated wrongs;		

All passions low, all base desires,			

And prejudices monster-grown,			

Crowd to the saloon of his sires,			

Yet Tom is in his house,—alone!			

W. G. Simms.		

324

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

The Double Dream.

Our life is two-fold—Byron.

Fondly all through yesternight,

Fondly did I dream of thee,

And my soul, in deep delight,

Wandered with thine far and free:
Brightest visions round me shone;

All for which my heart had yearned,

All the dearest scenes I’d known,

’Neath the spell of sleep , returned:
Fancy too assumed the helm,

And the ship of thought drove far,

O’er the dream-sea’s mystic realm,—
Thou, the sole and guiding star!

Wilt thou hear me sing the scenes
Mirrored in that Eden sleep —

Unto thee my spirit leans,

Enchantress, for the meaning deep!



I.

First, within a brilliant hall.

’Mid the youthful, gay, and bright,
Glanced a form more fair than all,

Like a spirit on my sight!

Proudly through the circling dance,

As, between the stars, the moon,

Moved she, with a stately glance,

To the old and festive tune.

Sweet the music,—for it seemed
But her motion’s atmosphere,—

Filled with light that round her beamed,—
Captivating eye and ear.

Thoughts, like fountains years-subdued,

In my bosom poured their tide,

And, entranced like Saul, I stood,

Mute with homage at her side!



II.

Months seemed passed,—and now a scene
Pastoral-sweet was round me spread ;—
On the hills, the spring-time’s green,

And the blue sky overhead!

Winding down a forest river,

In a lightly-leaning boat,—

Snowy sails in breezy quiver,

By her side I seemed to float.

Music from her voice was breathed,
Sweeter than a singing bird’s;

Smiles around her lips were wreathed,
Like the starlight of her words.

Long we sailed,—and passion’s sighs
Kneeling then, I dared to pour,—

But a storm o’erwhelmed the skies!

I was wrecked upon the shore!



III.

Fancy now more wild became!

Far through foreign lands I roved,
Armed,—a knight,—in lists of fame,—
Championing my Ladye-Love.

Pomp and splendor round me shone,
Cavaliers and maidens bright,—

But above them all was one
Beautiful as morning light!—

On my shield her scroll I bore,—

Fairest Virgin op the West,—
Round my breast her scarf I wore,

And her colors in my crest.

Shouting loud defiance out,

Sought I then the marshalled strife,—
Proudly with the boldest fought,—
Perilling with joy my life!

Soon a victor, from the scene
To her feet I bore the prize,—

Crowned her there as Beauty’s Queen,—

Drank my plaudits from her eyes!

IV.

But a change now strangely passed
O’er my wild and fevered dream;—

Where tall trees their shadows cast,

By a sweet, secluded stream,

We were roving;—overhead,

Smiling like an angel’s face,

Hung the moon, as if to shed
Love-light on that trysting place.

In the shadows and the hush
Of that old, moon-silvered grove,—

Prayer, and vow, and tear, and blush!—

Plighted we our troth and love!—

What beside this then occurred
Underneath that smiling sky,

Thou must ask that startled bird!—

Thou must dream as well as I!

Such my visions yesternight,—

So my spirit roved with thine,—

Drinking in a wild delight,—

Revelling ’mid scenes divine!

Strange indeed our dreams are wrought;

Fancy, Memory and Hope,

All combine to cheat the thought
With their gay Kaleidescope!

What within my dream was drawn
From the Past, thy heart can tell;

What was Fancy’s work alone,

Thou canst see and solve as well.

But our dreams are Sibyls too;—

Could we read their visits right,

We might in their lessons view
Stars to guide the Future’s night.

Then, enchantress, solve the scenes
Mirrored in my last night’s sleep!

Unto thee my spirit leans,

Belshazzar-like, for meaning deep.

A. B. Meek.

Musical Department.

First Concert of the Philharmonic Society.—The
Overtures and Symphonies were certainly performed in a
style worthy of the Philharmonic Society, and we tender
our thanks to the government thereof, for thus interrupt-
ing the musical drowsiness which prevailed ever since
the last concert of this Society. Madame Lazarre’s play-
ing was exquisite, though a slight nervousness could be
perceived during the whole performance of the very diffi-
cult composition. Mrs. Mott acquitted herself well, and
Mr. Wollenhaupt was so scared that it would not be
doing him justice to make any comments on his perform-
ance.



A full notice of Ole Bull’s Concert, on Wednesday last,
will be found in our next.



Mr. Huber, the celebrated Violincellist, gave a Musi-
cal Soirée on Tuesday evening last. We found a most
brilliant array of ladies, and a most interesting party of
gentlemen. Ms. Huber favored us with some of his
choicest compositions ; and nothing we could say would
be enough to express their beauty, and the artistical
style in which they were performed. He was accompa-
nied on the Piano, by his sister, and many a complete
professor could yet learn of her. Mrs. Mott sang some
very beautiful airs with her usual good grace ; and Mr.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

325

White, an amateur, sang a bass-solo very respectably.—
We feel assured that Mr. Huber’s concerts will be attended
by the elite of New-York.

Mr. Templeton’s Concert at the Tabernacle.—Al-
though the price of the tickets was only 50 cents, a
most fashionable audience greeted this charming vocalist
with their cheers, and the desire was universally expres-
sed, that he might repeat his entertainment as soon as
possible.

The Delcy Troupe, we believe, are not quite as suc-
cessful as the placards in the street try to make one be-
lieve. The performance of Lucia di Lammermoor was
as good a specimen of musical murder as we have wit-
nessed.

The German Opera.—Der Freischutz is to be the first
performance, and Mr. Rapetti will lead the orchestra.—
If properly managed, it will be a profitable enterprise.

A New system of musical notation for the Blind has
been invented. We shall speak at length of it at some
future opportunity.

Ole Bull has invited the pupils of the Institution for
the Blind to his last Farewell Concert.

Homans & Ellis have published some of De Meyer’s
compositions.

We heard some of the best singing at Dr. Potts’ church,
on Sunday last.

An Oratorio, composed by an American, will be
brought out soon, in this city. We hope it will be more
successful than the American Grand Opera.

Mrs. Mott, assisted by Mr. Kyle, intend giving a
series of Concerts at Boston.

Ole Bull sails positively on the 1st of December, for
Havre. We are really anxious to hear what his old ac-
quaintances in Europe will say of his playing.

Miss Northall.—This lady gives a concert at the
Apollo, on the fourth of December. In addition to the at-
traction of her own voice—no small attraction by the bye
—she has obtained the assistance of Sig. De Begnis and
Mr. Timm.



The Drama.



Mr. Forrest is playing occasionally in the English pro-
vinces, always to great houses, and with brilliant success.

Miss Cushman, at the latest advices, did not appear to
be employed.

Mr. Andersoh, formerly in this country, is playing in
London with moderate success—Mr. Macready to
crowded audiences, and, according to report, better than
for many years.

Mr. Murdock played at Baltimore five nights, to the
best houses of the season. His next engagement, we un-
derstand, is at Boston.

The Keans are playing at this latter city with fair suc-
cess. The American public, begin, we think, to grow ‘ a
weary of them.’

Mrs. Mowatt passed through Richmond last week, on
her way to engagements at the South.

Some one or other in the name of the “Santee” River,
makes himself conspicuous in a letter to the Charleston
Courier, in sneering at dramatic and musical performers:
compares, in a most exceptionable spirit, the Philadelphia
audiences to bourgeois, and thinks to be an American actor
“ is’nt much,” &c. We doubt whether the able and gen-
tlemanly conductor of that print, or any body else, egrees
with him in that.

The Delcy engagement, at the Park Theatre, has prov-

ed a failure. The organization of the company is ineffi-
cient, but the best we imagine it was in the power of the
management to command.

Mr. Hudson’s new Lectures at Boston, (Lear and Othel-
lo,) have attracted a great deal of attention, and have been
very successful with the audiences to which they have
been delivered.



Editorial Miscellany.



The Frog-Pond seems to be dried up—and the Frogs
are, beyond doubt, all dead—as we hear no more croaking
from that quarter.



We copy the subjoined passage from “Wilmer &
Smith’s European Times.” The observations are so
plainly just as to need not a word in the way of com-
ment :

A Boston publication, called ‘ Littell’s Living Age,’ has found
its way to this city, and is advertised in our newspapers, though it
consists of nothing but pilfering from the English magazines and
reviews. It may also be met with in one or two cabinets de lecture,
frequented by the English and Americans. Pirated editions, or if
you prefer the phrase, reprints, of the works of Scott, Bulwer,
Dickens, and other eminent authors, are imported into France in
great numbers from America, and, from the lowness of their price,
meet with a ready sale. There are one or two English circulating
libraries in this city entirely stocked with American reprints. The
injury this causes to the authors and proprietors of the works is
incalculable. At one time a brace of publishers here carried on a
roaring trade by reprinting all the works that issued from the Eng-
lish press, and smuggling them into England for the circulating
libraries; one of these honest men actually became enriched from
his wholesale piracies on Walter Scott alone.

But a law lately passed, directing the immediate destruction of
every pirated work, has put a considerable check on their consci-
entious trade; and it now appears that they find it more profitable
to import from the United States than to reprint. Belgium preys
with a voracious audacity on French literature,—not a work can
be published here that is not brought out there, and sold all over
the Continent infinitely cheaper than French publishers, who have
authors to pay, can afford. The publishers of M. Thiers’ Histore
du Consulat et de l' Empire has been cruelly victimized by those
Belgian pirates. He has paid somewhere about ₤20,000 for the
copyright of the work, and has sold some 30,000 copies. The Bel-
gians have not paid one single farthing for copyright, and have
sold 100,000 copies. It is a burning and scandalous shame to gov-
ernments of such enlightened countries as America, England,
France and Belgium, that a law of literary copyright is not estab-
lished.

The Mirror says:

Americans.—An address delivered before the Eucleian Society
of the New-York University, June 30, 1845, by Cornelius Ma-
thews. We published the address in the Mirror soon after its de-
livery. We could not understand it then, and cannot now.

Mr. Mathews, we should judge, punctuates his manuscript with
a pepper-box. We like his thoughts better than the idiosyncrasies
of his style. He should reform it altogether.

Whatever, in the opinion of the worshippers of Bri-
tain and everything British, may be objectionable in the
matter of Mr. Mathews’ address, its manner, at least, is
simple and unaffected, and we are quite at a loss to dis-
cover anything incomprehensible in any portion of the
essay. There is a good saying of Dr. Johnson’s, about
the extreme unfairness of requiring an author to supply
at once thought and brains for its comprehension.

We do not intend to claim the honor of originating
in the Journal the exquisite poem, by Halleck, now pub-

326

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

lished. It is not included, however, in any edition of his
poems. Independently of the high intrinsic merit of the
piece, there is a tale about it—a romantic tale—which
we could unfold, if we thought proper, and which to cer-
tain readers will give it additional interest.



Items from foreign Sources.

In these days of peace and political fusion, the Revolution and
the Empire in France are, as we have seen, gradually com-
completing their unfinished monuments. Fifty years after the first
proposal of the project by the celebrated painter David, and its
adoption by the Convention, the city of Lille has been celebrating
the anniversary of the memorable siege which it sustained in 1792,
by the inauguration of a monument, consisting of a granite column,
surmounted by a bronze statue represnting the city of Lille. The
spirit of the occasion, and of its proceedings, our readers know
enough of their gallant neighbours the French to have no difficulty
in conceiving. Thirty-nine towns and communes of the northern
part of France were represented by deputations of their national
guard; St. Cyr and the Polytechnic Schools sent representatives;
and the army contributed a delegate of each rank from every regi-
ment. An old gunner of 1792, caught amongst them in the midst
of their excitement, had the dangerous honours of an ovation on the
shoulders of his fellow-citizens: and Louis Phillippe, who knows
his countrymen better than any of us, or of themselves, contrived with
his matchless tact, to sympathise in the feeling of the hour, after a
fashion identifying his own royal attributes with its republican
bias. In his name, the Mayor of Lille, amid the tumultous accla-
mations of the crowd, presented to M. Scheppers, the sole surviving
member of the municipality of Lille, at the period of the siege,
the “ Star of the Brave,” as the latter called it in the figurative
mood of the occasion—“ one of the finest episodes of the day,” say
the highly excited journals of the department.—London Athenaum.



It is an amusing sight, and enlivening withal, to look at the rows
of white tents, the beautiful girls and their elegant dresses, the
crowds of spectators, each sheltered by a bright coloured umbrella,
and some thirty or forty ladies and gentlmen, fat and thin, tall and
short, old and young, in the water together, dipping and spluttering,
shouting and shrieking, as the white-crested wave rolls towards
them—some attempting to swim, others, fearful of being caried out
to sea, clinging to their attendants’ arms, and endeavoring to make
their escape to terra firma. Here an old woman bearing aloft a
little cherub, independent of any costume, to dip it a due number of
times—there a bathing girl encouraging a stout old gentleman to
venture into the water, after he has received the first souse on the
head from the contents of a bason, to prevent his feeling the effect of
the shock to his feet. Sometimes three or four young ladies will go
in together, or a gentleman may be seen leading gallantly some fair
one of his acquaintance: but everything is conducted with the
strictest propriety and decorum; so that however extraordinary the
style may appear at first to a stranger, he soon becomes accustomed
to it.

The most amusing scenes have passed, never to recur, when the
friars came down to bathe. Some years ago there was an enor-
mously fat friar, who was ordered to take a certain number of baths
at a certain hour in the morning, and it was the general amusement
to go down and see him perform the ceremony. He had ten persons
to attend him, six men who stood on the shore holding ropes attached
to his waist (for he had conscious of his own floating qualities, a
most pious horror of being washed away), and four women who
accompanied him into the water. When they got him there with a
proper solicitude for his health, they took good care to make him per-
form his ablutions abundantly. While the men slackened the rope,
they used to dip him and duck him most unmercifully, pressing his
head down with their hands, like the merry wives of Windsor
packing Sir John Falstaff into the clothes-basket. He dared not
resist, for fear they should leave him to his fate, and they would not
let him out till he had taken the prescribed number of dips—he
spluttering, and crying, and praying and swearing all the time.
Now and then, though seldom, the same scene is enacted with a
stout artizan, or a country farmer.—Lusitawan Sketches.

Dr. Balfour, of Glasgow, has been appointed Professor
of Botany, at Edinburgh University, vice Dr. Graham
deceased.

In Paris there are 396 newspapers, with 700,000 subscri-
bers, and in the departments of France 898, with about
350,000 subscribers.

ELEGANT NEW WORK.

C. SHEPARD, BOOKSELLER, 191 BROADWAY.



CHAUNT OF LIFE—and other Poems, by Rev. R. Hoyt, a
Clergyman of the Episcopal Church, New York. Parts 1 & 2.
This work is beautifully printed on fine paper, embellished, and
handsomely bound. Price 37 1/2 cents.

The following are extracts from a few of the notices it has re-
ceived from the Press:—

“ There is a natural vigor in this poem (World for Sale) which
is wrung from the life,—a wild music from the very heart strings.”

—Morning News.

“ This is a scene (snow) that every one will recognize as life-
like and truthful,—no artist could paint it better.”—Hud. Riv.
Chronicle.

“We have seen many quartos, not taken either from the lowest
rank of dullness, with far less that is acceptable in them.”—Dem.

Review.

“We commend this volume to the lover of true poetry, and can
say, in all sincerity, if Mr. Hoyt, in his following numbers, sus-
tains the character of this, there is no doubt of his success.”—N.
Y. Evening Mirror.

“ It is printed in a very neat and even elegant style, worthy of
the grace, delicacy and beauty of the poems.”—N. Y. Courier and
Enquirer.

“ He writes with grace, taste and genius, and many of his pro-
ductions possess merit of the highest order. Some of his best
pieces will be incorporated in a new edition of the Poets and
Poetry of America.”—Phil. Nat. Gazette.

“We give a stanza from the principal poem in the volume,
commending this delicious little brochure as one of the best New
Year’s presents that could be selected."—N. Y. Express.

" The Chaunt is one of the finest modern poems that we have
read this many a day, and abounds in highly wrought and beautiful
passages. The author, Rev. Ralph Hoyt, is destined to a high
rank in the American temple of poetry, and we heartily thank
him for providing us such a rare poetic feast as he has given us
in this volume.”—N. Y. Rambler.

“ Full of delicate description, perfect truth and beauty of senti-
ment; and style pure and limpid as the chrystal stream, all envel-
oped in a charming atmosphere of grace and piety and purest im-
agination. It is a gem and a noble offering,”— Churchman.

“Part II. contains the second canto of a very fine poem,—the
Chaunt of Life: From the first stanza we quote three remarkably
beautiful lines. The fourth and fifth stanzas are very noble.—
The poem Old has so many rare and peculiar excellences, that
we shall venture to copy it in full.”—Broadway Journal.

“ The Chaunt of Life is like the opening of some glorious ma

jestic strain of music, through which the mournful spirit of the
past gives tone and unutterable earnestness to the aspirations of
the present and the hopes of the future. Such strains as those of
our author will be heard. They sink at once into the heart and
abide there."—Prot. Churchman.

“We have not seen a volume in a year that we have been more
taken with than this. It is a pleasure to meet an author who can,
like Mr. Hoyt, make his theories attractive and his method strik-
ing without setting up for a misanthrope, or invoking the aid of
the infernals.—Phil. Sat. Eve. Post.



GURNEY’S

PREMIUM DAGUERRIAN GALLERY,

189 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.

PICTURES taken at this Establishment are not excelled in this

country—so say his numerous patrons. The public are in-
vited to call and judge for themselves.	o2



G. B. CLARKE,

MERCHANT TAILOR, (from Brundage, Broadway) 

No 132 William Street, 3 doors from Fulton, N. Y.
		Dress Coat, from $12 to $20 00 		               Making and Trimming			
Pants,	“	2	 50 to	 8 00	Dress Coat,	from	 $6 00 	to 	9 00

Vest,	      "   1 50	to 	4 50	Pants,	" 	1 50 	to 	2 	00

Vests,	“	1 50	to	2	00

N. B. Seasonable SACK COATS, VESTS, &c. always on
hand, from $1 50 upwards.	nov8—3m

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

327

THIS DAY IS PUBLISHED—IN ADVANCE OF THE LONDON EDITION,

LIFE OF THE GREAT CONDE.

BY LORD MAHON.

Two Numbers beautifully printed, in clear type, $1 00. “A highly interesting and skilful narrative.”—Quarterly Review
The above work forms Nos. 34 and 35 of the Library of Choice Reading.

Published and for sale by WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway.



J. F. BROWNE & CO.

MANUFACTURER OF THE

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION HARP,

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard.

J. F. BROWNE respectfully informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for the manufacture

and importation of these very beautiful instruments, at

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are such as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the high duties
mposed by Tariff on these Instruments.

J. F. Browne would observe, these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modern improvements of
London and Paris, are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism. Particular care is taken
to fit them for the extremes of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufac-
ture, imported in the usual way.

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe; among the latter, he would mention
N. C. Boscha, who invariably selects from this establishment.

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional talent in this country.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of
testing their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof
against the inconstancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction.

January, 1845.	I am yours, CHARLES THIBAULT, No. 40 Beach St., N. Y.

Dear Sir:—I write to express the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella’s Concert in this city.—
The mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old
Master, Boscha, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other. Yours, most truly, H. G. TRUST!
Philadelphia, March 4th, 1844.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—I have much pleasure in saying, that the Harp of your make I performed on at the St. George’s Society
Concert, is, in brilliancy of tone, touch, and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever played on. This will apply to all your Harps
The grand six and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument. Yours, with respect, ELIZABETH SLOMAN.
New York, January 16th, 1845.	A pupil of N. C. Boscha.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir:--Having at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps, I find they possess the best quali-
ties of the first makers in Europe combined. That in the ease of touch, by which the most brilliant tone is obtained, in perfection and
ease of modulation, they are superior to any I have used; their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste. Your new
Grand Gothic six and a half octave, is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world ; it will give me great pleasure
in recommending your Harps at every opportunity.	Yours Truly, HENRY HORN.

January 12th, 1845.	An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every way capable of
making a correct decision. J. F. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Arts, Philadelphia, for his splendid
improvements in this delightful Instrument.

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

JOHN N. GENIN,

FASHIONABLE HAT AND CAP ESTABLISHMENT,

214 Broadway.

PIANO FORTES

CHEAP FOR CASH.—The Subscribers have on hand a

handsome assortment, 6, 6 1/2, and 7 octave mahogany and rose-
wood Pianos, which they will warrant and sell low for cash or ap-
proved paper.	GLENN, ROGERS & CO.,

Manufacturers, 152 Fulton street, east of Broadway.

General Furnishing Hardware, Cutlery, Tools, &c.

OSBORN & LITTLE,

Importers and General Dealers in English, German and
American

HARDWARE, CUTLERY, &C.,

No. 33 FULTON STREET,

BETWEEN PEARL AND WATER STREETS,

[Where the business has been carried on for Eighty Years past,]

CHARLES OSBORN.                              New York.

CHARLES S. LITTLE. 	

Hardware, Cutlery, Nails, Locks, Latches, Butts, Screws, An-
vils, Vices, Saws, Files, Shovels and Spades, Hollow Ware, Corn
and Coffee Mills, Rivets, Pumps, Curriers’ Hones, Crucibles,
Black Lead, Pots, &c. &c. Also Genuine Haarlem Oil. Ameri-
can Coopers and Carpenters Edge Tools, of Albertson’s Conger’s
Barton’s, Horton’s, Gifford’s, and other makers. Also, Cooper’s
Truss Hoops.nov8—3m

JOHN ANDERSON & CO.

IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN

CHOICE SEGARS, and Manufacturers of Premium
Tobacco and Snuffs—2 Wall, and 13 and 15 Duane streets,
New-York.	nov8—3m

JAMES PIRSSON,

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER, 88, 90, and 92 

Walker street, near Elm. A large slock of the finest instru-
ments always on hand. Terms moderate. For Sale—A splendid
Harp, nearly new—to be sold at a great bargain for cash.

J. BALLARD,

PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR, SINGING AND FLUTE.
No. 135 Spring-street.

PENMANSHIP.

RE-OPENING OF GOLDSMITH’S WRITING ACADEMY,
289 Broadway—La Farge Buildings, corner of Reade street.
Terms reduced to three dollars, and no extra charge.

Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully informs the citizens of New
York and Brooklyn, that his rooms are now open, during the day
and evening, tor Pupils and Visitors. Mr. G’s. specimens of
PENMANSHIP

have received the First Premium Five Years, from the American
Institute, and he guarantees to all in TEN EASY AND INTER-
ESTING EXERCISES, a free and elegant style of writing, that
the pupils cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice.

For sale at the Academy GOLDSMITH’S GEMS OF PEN-
MANSHIP.

Ladies’ Class meets daily at 11 o'clock. Gentleman's day and
evening. See circular.	sl8

WEDDING, VISITING, A PROFESSIONAL CARDS 

Engraved and Printed at VALENTINE’S, 1 Beekman-st.
Lovejoy’s Hotel.

JOHN BURFORD,

PORTRAIT AND LANDSCAPE PAINTER,

27 Dey Street.

328

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

HARPER & BROTHERS’ RECENT PUBLICATIONS,

In one splendidly printed volume, with above 1000 engravings.

Sheep Extra:—Price $3 75.

I.

ENCYCLOPÆDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

The wide range of topics comprised in this valuable publication,
commends it to the attention of an unusually extended class of read-
ers:—to the family circle primarily, the architect, the horticultu-
rist, the cabinet-maker, and others to whom the work addresses
itself. It is undoubtedly by far the best work of reference ever pre-
sented for the use of families. Every housekeeper would find the
work a real treasure.—Globe.

PROFESSOR WHEWELL’S ELEMENTS OF MO-
RALITY.

Two volumes 12mo. extra muslin gilt, 81.--Forming the com-

mencement of

HARPER’S NEW MISCELLANY,

A work of extraordinary merit. It is a thorough discussion of
the fundamental principles of morals, by one of the profoundest
thinkers of the age: and whether his conclusions are adopted or
not, no reader can fail to perceive in any page, the traces of discri-
mination, thought, and a high moral aim. Its classic purity and
precision of style is also a strong commendation of the work.—Ob-
server.

III.

MORRELL’S AMERICAN SHEPHERD,

Being a complete history of the sheep, with their breeds, man-
agement, diseases, &c. Illustrated by numerous engravings, 1
vol. 12mo., cloth binding, $1—paper covers 75 cents.

“ The above named volume, which is issued under the immedi-
ate sanction of the New Fork State Agricultural Society, is a work
of great practical importance, and contains a prodigious amount of
instructive matter, suited to the farmer, the cattle fattener, the agri-
culturist and the wool-grower. Everyone interested in these de-
partments of commerce would find the work invaluable.”—Evening
Gazette.

IV.

ILLUSTRATED WANDERING JEW.

In numbers; price 25 cents each. Profusely embellished.

“We think these illustrations evince more vigor, brilliancy, and
effect, than almost any thing of the kind we have yet seen. As the
Harpers publish this revised and elegant edition at such very tri-
fling charge, we doubt not a prodigious demand will await it from
the public; and it richly merits the largest popularity.”—Evening
Post.

v.

GEN. GREEN’S

TEXAN EXPEDITION AGAINST MIER,

Including the subsequent imprisonment of the author; his suffer-
ings and final escape from the Castle of Perote; with reflections
upon the present political and probable future relations of Texas,
Mexico and the United States, &c. Illustrated by thirteen line en-
gravings. One volume, 8vo. $2.

This stirring narrative of the perilous and heroic exploits of a
small band of patriotic Texans, who won not only laurels by their
prowess, but liberty, is so rife with thrilling interest that it will win

the attention of the public with the fascination of a romance_

Com. Adv.

VI.

CURIOUS AND UNIQUE WORK.

Now ready, in one beautiful octavo volume, with many Engra-
vings on steel, price 82,

NARRATIVE OF A MISSION TO BOKHARA.

In the year 1843-45, to ascertain the fate of Col. Stoddart and
Capt. Conolly.

By the Rev. Joseph Wolff. LL.D.

“This work has created a prodigious excitement throughout
England: it is unique in its character, as a literary production. It
seems to partake of the features of an autobiography; the narrative
being full of personal detail, description of the perilous adventure
and imminent hazard of the author, in his expedition through the
East. No man living, perhaps, has travelled so extensively as this
celebrated individual, and few could have contributed a more in-
tensely interesting narrative of his experience.

“It will thus be seen that this extraordinary and eccentric man
is admirably qualified to present a transcript of Asiatic Character-
istics,—supplying much that is novel and exceedingly curious
about tribes and nations of which we know so little. To say that
the work is an acceptable addition to the library of travel, is affirm-
ing far too little of so striking a production : it is a book that ought
to be read and deliberately enjoyed by every intelligent person, for
its quaintness, freshness, and superabounding interest. The work
is elegantly printed as a library book, and adorned by some dozen
curious fac-similes of oriental drawings.”—Courier and Enquirer.

IMPORTANT WORKS,

RECENTLY PUBLISHED BY

J. & H. G. LANGLEY, 8 ASTOR HOUSE.

I.

Von Raumer’S New Work.

America and the American People: being the result of the au-
thor’s recent travels through the United States. Translated from
the German of Frederick Yon Raumer, by Professor Wm. W.
Turner. 1 vol. 8 vo. 530 pp. Price $2.

II.

Eliza Cook’s Poetical Works.

New Edition, containing all her recent productions. Edited by
Rufus W. Griswold. 1 vol. 12 mo., illustrated with a Portrait and
twelve exquisite English engravings. Copies in Morocco, super
$3 50-Cloth Gilt, $2 50.

“ This is a beautiful volume, splendidly bound, and still more
elegantly illustrated, and combining some of the choicest poems in
the language. The “ Old Arm Chair,” is one of the most popular
poems, and has touched the hearts of thousands who never knew
even the name of the author. She writes for the heart, and her
beautiful songs always reach it. The book forms one of the most
elegant holiday presents yet offered.”—Cour. & Enq.

III.

Miss Barrett’s Poems.

The Drama of Exile, and otner Poems, by Elizabeth B Barrett.
2 vols. 12 mo., elegantly printed.—$2 00.

“Miss Barrett is worth a dozen of Tennyson, and six of Mother-
well—equal perhaps in orignial genius to Keats and Shelley.—
There are beauties enough in one of her poems to have made a
fame in Waller’s time.”—Willis’ Evening Mirror.

IV.

Gregg’s Santa Fe and the Prairies.

Commerce of the Prairies, or the Journal of a Santa Fé Trader,
the personal observation of a trader, made on eight several ex
ditions across the Great Western Prairies, and during an aim
uninterrupted residence of nine years in Northern Mexico.—Illus-
trated with numerous engravings. New Edition, revised by
Author. By Josiah Gregg. 2 vols. 12 mo. $2 00.

V.

M. DE TOCQUEVILLE’S GREAT WORK.

Democracy in America, by Alexis De Tocqueville. Third edi-
tion, in 2 vols. 8vo. Corrected and Enlarged, with an Original In-
dex. Translated by Henry Reeve, Esq., with Introductory Pre-
faces, by the Hon. John C. Spencer. Price $4 00 in muslin or
sheep.

“ This work is one of the most profound and philosophical ever
written upon the character and institutions of our country.”—
Boston Traveller.

“ As a study of political science, this book stands unrivalled in
our times; equally remarkable for lucidity of style, acuteness and
delicacy of reasoning, and lor the moral and intellectual vigor with
which it has been conceived and completed.”—London Times.

VI.

DE TOCQUEVILLE ABRIDGED.

Designed for District School Libraries, Colleges, &c. In accor-
dance with the recommendation of several superintendents of Dis-
trict Schools, the Publishers beg to announce that they have just
issued a condensed edition of the above standard work, adapted ex-
pressly for the use of District Schools, Colleges, &c., to form 1 vol.
12mo. Price $1 00.

VII.

The Life of General Francis Marion.

By W. Gilmore Simms, author of “Guy Rivers,” &c. &c.
Seventh edition, revised by the author, with numerous engravings,
1 vol. 12mo.—$1. “Few characters have stood out more boldly
on our Revolutionary Annals, or have supplied more interesting
and exciting materials for the historian, than that of Gen. Marion ;
and it is not saying too much to claim for the work before us no
less the merit of accredited historical truth, than the most stirring
and absorbing attributes of high-wrought fiction.”—Democratic
Review.

VIII.

The Poetical Works of Praed.

Lillian, and other Poems, Fanciful and Facetious. By William
Mackworth Praed. First collected edition: Edited by R. W.
Griswold, 1 vol. 12mo., muslin. 81 25.

“Praed was the Poet of Society, ‘a fellow of infinite humor,’
and in scholarship and art, surpassed by none of the English poets
of the age. Though many ol his pieces have been almost univer-
sally read in this country, they have never yet been printed col-
lectively, either here or in England.”—Democratic Review.

PIANO FORTES.

THOMAS H. CHAMBERS, (formerly Conductor to Du-
bois and Stodart,) No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete
assortment of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes, of
the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to guarantee for
their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish, and to en-
dure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard prices.
Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on hire.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

329

DENTISTRY.

DOCT. H. E. SCHOONMAKER, Dental Surgeon, Office 446
Houston St., two doors from Broadway—opposite St. Thomas’
Church.

Doct. S’s experience and skill in his profession, give him con-
fidence in asserting that his operations are unsurpassed by any
Dentist in this city. Dr. S.’s manner of inserting artificial teeth
varies in many essential points from the usual mode ; and his suc-
cess in pleasing all, he is happy to say, has brought him many
difficult cases, which had been unsuccessfully treated by Dentists
of established professional reputation, and whose prices for the
same operation were double his own. The object in inserting
artificial teeth is to supply the deficiency occasioned by the loss of
natural teeth, both in regard to utility, comfort in wearing, and
natural appearance. In all these points, Doct S.’s manner is pre-
eminent. His mechanical tact and ingenuity have enabled him to I
surmount many obstacles, which have long, with the profession
generally, impeded the path to success in every operation. He
makes use of the best materials in all his operations—and in cases
where the gum has fallen away by absorption, (which is always
the case, more or less, when teeth have been extracted,) which
causes a contraction of the lips and checks, the disfigurement of
which cannot be fully obviated without adopting the artificial gums,
which will supply the deficiency, and give to the mouth its usual
redundancy—besides, their beauty and natural appearance, ren-
der detection impossible.

Dr. S. would be happy to refer those who require it, to many of
the best families in this City, in which he has practised.

Ladies who desire it, can have their teeth examined at their re-
sidences, by sending their address as above.	nov. 8—9t



PAINE & BURGESS,

62 John Street,

WILL PUBLISH IN A FEW DAYS,

THE ARTIST, MERCHANT, AND STATESMAN, 

Part I. This work is made up of the choicest and most ori-

ginal material on Fine Arts, Commerce, and Political Economy,
by C. Edwards Lester.

PRAIRIEDOM ; Rambles and Scrambles in Texas or
New Estremadura, by a Southron. 1 vol. 12mo. with a map. “ It
is light and vivacious—filled with incident—easy and flowing in
style, and brilliant in imagery.”—Evening Mirror.

THEY ARE PREPARING FOR PUBLICATION,

Songs and Ballads by Gen. G. P. Morris, 32mo. gilt.

Rambles by Land and Water, or Notes of Travel in Cuba and
Mexico, including a canoe voyage up the river Panuco, and Re-
searches among the Antiquaries of Taumelipas, by B. M. Norma,

1 vol. 12mo. illustrated.

The Greece of the Greeks, by G. A. Perdicaris, U.S. Consul at
Athens, 2 vols. 12mo. illustrated.

Trippings in Authorland, by Fanny Forrester.

Montezuma, the Last of the Aztecs, an Historical Romance, on
the Conquest of Mexico, by Edward Maturin, 2 vols. l2mo.

“ This is an original American work.”

The Prince, by Machiavelli, 1 vol. l2mo.

Man in the Republic, by C. Mathews, 1 vol. 32mo. gilt.

The Old Continental; or the Prince of Liberty—an historical
romance, by the author of the ' Dutchman’s Fireside,’ 2 vols. 12mo.
—NOW READY—

The Medici Series of Italian Prose.

The Autobiography of Alfieri, 1 vol. 12mo. Price 50 cents.

The Secret Thoughts and Actions of Genius, blended with the
wildest adventures and strongest caprices.

The Citizen of a Republic; what are his rights and duties, by
Ansaldo Ceba, 1 vol. 12mo. Price 50 cents.

" A book of condensed and rare thoughts, like diamonds finely
polished and richly set."

The Challenge of Barletta, a romance of the Times of the Me-
dici, 1 vol. 12mo.

“ A gem gathered from the jewelled mine of Italian romance.”
The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli, 2 vols. 12mo.

“ The charmed records of the classic city of the Arno, by the
master spirit of his age.”	nov 8



TO MEDICAL MEN.

This day published, the London lancet

for November, a Journal of British, Foreign, Medical and
Chemical Science, Criticism and News—edited by Thomas Wake- ,
ly, M. P. Surgeon, and Henry Bennett, M. D.

This is the fifth number of the second volume, containing, be-
sides its usual quantity of valuable matter, the 2d Lecture of a se-
ries of Lectures on Organic Chemistry, by Justus Liebig.

Also, tour additional Lectures on the Mechanism and Manage-

ment of Natural and Difficult Labors, by Edward W. Murphy,
A.M. M.D.

Terms—$5 per annum, in advance; single numbers 50 cents,
mailed to any part of the United Stales, by

BURGESS, STRINGER & CO.

222 Broadway, cor. Ann st

P. S.—The postage to any distance on the Lancet is 6 1/4 cts.

CHEAP MUSIC.

HOMANS & ELLIS have published the first No. of

THE MUSICAL WORLD,

A Semi-monthly Magazine, containing sixteen pages of beauti-
fully printed Music, and a Journal of Musical Biography, Criti-
cism, and News.

Edited by Henry C. Watson.—Contents of No. 1.

I’ll be there,—words by Fitzball—music by Herbert Rodwell.
Let no thought of care oppress thee,—words by Charles Jeffreys—
music by Bellini.

Far away in my own bright land,—	“	“ Bellini.

O cast that shadow from thy bow,—a beautiful ballad.

The sunny hours of childhood,—words by J. L. Carpenter—music
by J. Hanoway, R. A.

The melodies of many lands,—words by Charles Jeffreys—music
by C. W. Glover.

Price 25 Cents.

The second number of the Musical World will be published on
the 15th inst.

In Press—Grand, Galop, by Leopold De Meyer, with a portrait
and critical biography, will be ready early next week.



WILEY & PUTNAM

PROPOSE to supply, if there is sufficient patronage,
the original London editions of the following Periodicals at
the prices annexed, to be mailed in London.

The Periodicals will be put in strong wrappers with printed ad-
dress, and can be sent to any part of the United States ; so that they
may be received as soon as the letters per Boston Steamers. 

All persons wishing to subscribe will please address Wiley & 

Putnam before the first of December next.

Subscriptions must be paid in all cases in advance,

 

Edinburgh Review, 	$3 50	Quarterly Review, 	$3 	50

Foreign Quarterly Review, 3 50	North British Review, 	3 	50

 Westminster Review,	 3 50	For. & Colonial Review,	 3	 50

Forbes’ Medical Review, 	4 00	Blackwood’s Magazine,	 5	 00

Frazer’s Magazine, 	5 00	Presbyterian Review,	 3 	50

dec 13—3t



NEW WORKS,

TO BE PUBLISHED BY

MESSRS. WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 BROADWAY,

IN THE MONTH OF NOVEMBER.

I.

Western Clearings, by Mrs. C. M. Kirkland, author of “A New
Home,” &c. 1 vol. 16mo. 50 cents.

II.

			The Raven and other Poems, by Edgar A. Poe, 1 vol. 16mo. 31 cts.

III.

Views and Reviews in American History, Literature, and Fiction,
by W. Gilmore Simms. 1 vol. 16mo.

IV.

Life of the Great Condé, by Lord Mahon, 2 vols. 16mo. 37 1/2
cents each.

V.

Charles Lamb’s Specimens of English Dramatic Poets, 2 vols.
16mo. 50 cents each.

VI.

The Rhine, by Victor Hugo.

VII.

Father Ripa’s Residence in China, 1 vol. 16mo. 37 1/2 cts.

VIII.

The Fall of the Jesuits, 1 vol. 16 mo. 37 1/2 cts.

IX.

Lectures on the English Poets, by Wm. Hazlitt.16mo. 1 vol.



KNOX’S HATS.

THE FALL STYLE OF GENTLEMEN’S HATS are now
ready for the season, 1845, which for lightness and superiority
of color cannot be surpassed, which is a very important part of the
hat, retaining the color till it is worn out. Any article sold in this
establishment is never misrepresented but sold for what it is. Al-
so the fall style of boy’s and children’s Caps, of various patterns.
Gentlemen can have their hats made to order in any shape or style
they wish. A full assortment of ladies’ Muffs, of all kinds.

			C. KNOX, No. 110 Fulton st.,

Nov. 8—3m	between William and Nassau sts.



UNITED STATES HOTEL.

THE PROPRIETOR OF THIS HOTEL, desires to return his
thanks to his friends, and the travelling portion of the commu-
nity generally, for the favors which they have bestowed upon him
since he opened his Establishment, and to assure them that he will 

spare no exertions to render his House worthy of the patronage of

 which he has already received so liberal a share.

H. JOHNSON.

Nov. 8th, 1845.	6m

330

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL,

CATALOGUE OF TEAS,

ON SALE AT THE TEA WAREHOUSE OF THE

PEKIN TEA COMPANY,

Importers of fine Green and Black Teas, No. 75 Fulton-st.
New York.

[The Teas mentioned in this Catalogue are done up in quarter,
half pound, and pound packages—the first, or inside wrapperis lead,
the second wrapper is water proof paper, and the third or outside
wrapper is of Chinese Rice paper. The Company sell none but
good Teas, done up in this superior manner, all of them grown in
the most luxurious districts in China. Country dealers can select
as small a quantity of each kind as they like and have them packed
in one chest. These Teas also come in five pound Chinese pack-
ages, called quattoons, a very convenient, fanciful and portable
shape.]

Green Teas:

Young Hyson, sweet cargo,	50

do.	do. do. do.	Finer	 62 1/2

do.	do.	finer cargo,	75

do.	do.	extra tine,	87 1/2

do. do. Silver Leaf,	1 00

Silver Leaf—Seldom sold, even
by large dealers, because of the
very small profits made on its
sale. This is a very superior
tea.

do.	do.	Golden Chop, Plantation

or Garden growth, 1 50
Golden Chop—This is the finest
Green Tea cultivated in China.
It is of the first pickings, and ex
cels all other Green Teas for its
delicacy of flavor, strength and
aroma. Heretofore this tea has
never reached this country, ex-
cept in small lots, as presents to
importers.

Hyson,* very fine,	75

do. Plantation growth,	1	00

Gunpowder, good,	—

do. superior, (Read “ mon-
strous fraud” below.) 1 00
do. small leaf, plantation

growth,	1	25

Imperial, good,	—

do.	brisk and fragrant, [read

“ monstrous	fraud”	be-

low,]	1	00

do. curious leaf, very supe-
rior,	J	25

Hyson Skin, good, fine flavor,	38

do. do. extra fine,	62£

Black. Teas.

Pouchong, good, full flavor,	38

do.	line,	50

do.	very superior,	75

Souchong, good,	38

do.	extra fine,	50

Oolong, strong, flavor fine,	50

Oolong—This lea is a great favor-
ite, and gives universal satisfac
tion.

do.	very fine,	624

do.	in one pound and half

pound cattys, extra fine, 75

NE Plus Ultra,	150

NE Plus Ultra—This tea is as
fragrant and sweet as a nosegay.
It yields a perfume that is truly
delightful. It is of garden growth,
and superior to any thing of the
kind ever sold in this country.

English Breakfast Tea, very

fine,	50

do. do. do. in one
pound and half pound cat-
tys,	62 1/2

Howqua’s Mixture, a strong and
rich black tea,	Pekoe flavor, 75

Congo, good,	37 1/2

do. very flne,	50

Pekkoe Flowers,	good,	87 1/2

do. do. garden growth, 1 50

*Caution. —Large quantities of Hyson Skin are retailed in
this market as being a Hyson Tea. It is well worth while to com-
pare the Hyson tea usually sold at 75 cents with the genuine arti-
cle that the Company offer at the same price. The difference is so
perceptible on trial as to render any further comment unnecessary.

Monstrous Fraud.—Gunpowder and Imperial Teas cannot be
retailed by small dealers, in this country, at 75 cents per pound,
because they frequently cost that money in China, and no Importer
in this city can sell good Gunpowder or Imperial Tea at a less
price than 75 cents per pound by the hundred packages. T. F.
Davies, Esq., in his interesting work on China, details the manner
in which he saw the lowest grades of Black Teas manufactured
and colored with Prussian Blue, so as to closely imitate Gunpow-
der and Imperial Teas, and adds, the Prussian Blue being a com-
bination of Prussic Acid with Iron, is of course a dangerous poi-
son. Let purchasers therefore beware of adulterated leas, and
deal with those venders whose characters and resources raise them
above suspicion. Beware of the Gunpowder and Imperial Teas
retailed at 75 cents per pound, and compare them with the genuine
article sold by the Pekin Tea Company No one, it is presumed,
wishes to drink poison. The Company have published a book,
giving full details on this subject, which may be had at their
Warehouse, 75 Fulton street, free of charge.

RECOMMENDATIONS.

We drink Green Tea, and for many years have been paying one dollar per
pound for it. But thanks to the Pekin Tea Company, we now get a better tea
from them at 75 cents per pound. We drink one pound per week, by which
we are now saving thirteen dollars per year, and enjoying better tea in the
bargain. Commend us to the Pekin Tea Company, say we.—Mirror.

The Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street, are performing a great and good
work, and will, in a few years, beyond all doubt, drive all the poor teas which
have deluged this country, and defrauded consumers of the article, out of the
market. They import none but pure and fragrant teas, and retail them by the
single pound at wholesale prices. Families are always sure of obtaining good
teas at this great tea warehouse, in quantities to suit their convenience, and at
the same price that the merchant pays who buys to sell again.—Daily True
Sun.

You may be sure of obtaining at all times, pure and highly flavored teas, by
the single pound, at wholesale prices, of ihe Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton
street.—They have probably the largest stock, and greatest variety of fine
green and black teas, of any one establishment in the United States. They
are doing a large business, and a great benefit to consumers of tea.—Atlas.

Heretofore it has been very difficult, indeed impossible, to always obtain
good green and black teas. But now you have only to visit the ware rooms of
the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street, to obtain as delicious and fragrant
teas as you could wish for.—Daily Sun.

If any of our readers desire to have good tea, they can obtain it of the Pekin
Tea Company, 75 Fulton street.—Mercury.

A Word to Tea Drinkers.—The Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street,

have imported into this market some five hundred thousand dollars worth of
the finest grades of Green and Black Teas grown in the Celestial Empire, done
up in all the various fancy packages that Chinese ingenuity can invent. It is
a privilege to buy teas at this great establishment, and a luxury and comfort
to drink them They sell good teas only, and retail them at wholesale prices.
Country merchants who wish to always sell good teas can always obtain them
at this place, on reasonable terms.—Emporium.

The Pekin Tea Company—We very cheerfully call the attention of all
lovers of pure and fragrant Teas, both in town and country, to the great Tea
warehouse of this Company. Our long acquaintance with the proprietors en-
ables us to bespeak for them the entire confidence of the public. We know
that their Teas, both in quality and price, are all that is stated of them. Many
a lover of the fragrant herb has been compelled to eschew the drinking of Tea
in consequence of its injurious effects, until at length he has become hopeless
of finding, among any of the imported varieties of Tea in our market a kind
which had not such an effect. In this, however, such persons will be agree-
ably disappointed. The Pekin Tea Company have commenced the importation
of choice varieties of Garden Teas, of most delicious flavor-cultivated and
picked with great care, which have heretofore never been introduced into this
country, except as presents to importers. Among these they have, an Oolong,
mild as zephyr, and fragrant as a rose, which we especially recommend to all
nervous persons, Its effect upon many of those who have tried it, has been
to make them confirmed tea drinkers. Ladies who have used it, say they
never before drank such tea. But all tastes can here he suited, with the great
advantage over other stores of getting a pure article at wholesale price, how-
ever small the quantity. The Company’s Warehouse is at 75 Fulton street.—
New World.

Tea.—The Pekin Tea Company, No 75 Fulton street, unquestionably sell
the best teas imported into this market. That they sell them cheaper than any
other establishment, is a fact proven in a thousand instances since they have
opened their store.

We would advise our friends to call at this place, and if they don’t wish to
buy, at least to obtain a little pamphlet, kept on their counter, entitled "Hints
to Tea Drinkers,” and therefrom learn a little useful information on the subject.

The pamphlet is given gratis.—Anglo American.

The finest specimens of green and black teas ever sold in this country, are
imported by the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street. Those who want good
teas at reasonable prices, can always get them there.—Tribune.

We have tried the teas imported by the Pekin Tea Company, 75 Fulton street,
and if we live will try them often. They are selling the most delicious teas
we ever drank, and retail them at wholesale prices.—Evening Post. oct8

PIANO FORTES.

V F. HARRISON, 23 CANAL STREET, N. Y.—In-
struments made with the most recent improvement, such as
Iron Frames, &c., wtth a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are
made from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most
faithful workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the busi-
ness.

N. B.—Wanted a second hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes hired by the month.

ÆOLIAN ATTACHMENT.

Hermann s. saroni, professor of music,

116 Leonard street, New-York, teaches the Piano-Forte, with
or without Coleman’s celebrated Attachment.

PIANO FORTES.

H WORCESTER, No. 139 THIRD AVENUE, COR-
• ner of 14th Street, respectfully informs his friends and the
public, that he has a good assortment of Piano-Fortes, in Rose-
wood and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons wishing
to purchase will find it to their advantage to call and examine be-
fore purchasing elsewhere.

To the Public.—Edgar A. Poe, Esq. having purcha-
sed my interest in “ The Broadway Journal,” is now sole
proprietor of the same. All persons indebted to the pa-
per will please make settlement with him.

John Bisco.

New-York, Oct. 24, 1845.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL:

Edgar A. Poe,	Editor and Proprietor.

IS PUBLISHED EVERY SATURDAY.—OFFICE 137 NASSAU ST.
terms three dollars per annum—SINGLE numbers SIX AND a quarter cts.

The Broadway Journal is, in its general character, a literary pa-
per: occupying itself with original, anil more especially with critical
articles, in every department of Literature, properly so called—with
a preference, nevertheless, for the Belles Lettres and the
Fine Arts. There is no better medium in the country for
literary or artistical advertisements.

AGENTS:

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.	Thos. H. Pease, New-Haven, Ct.

R. G. H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct. 	J C. Morgan, New-Orleans.

M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.	W. W. Kingsley, New-London, Ct.

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O.	G. N. Beesley, Utica, N. Y.

D. M. Dewey, Rochester, N Y.	H. B. Strang, Peekskill, N. Y.

J. Robertson, Syracuse, N. Y.	Haliburton & Dudley Boston, Mass.

W. E. Russ II, Schenectady, N. Y. 	S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.

Levi Willard, Troy, N. Y.	Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct.

G. Jones, Albany. N. Y.	H. Esten, Providence R.I.

S. F. Hoyt, Newburgh, N. Y.	Safford & Park, Norwich, Ct.

Shurtz & Wilde, Baltimore, Md.	John Tomlin, P. M. Jackson, Tenn.

Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia. 	S. Hart, Sen., Charleston, S. C.

printed at the office of the farmer and mechanic.