THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.                     NEW YORK, SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 6, 1845.                             NO. 9.

Three Dollars per Annum.	Edited By	Published at 136 Nassau St.

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	             EDGAR A. POE AND HENRY C. WATSON.	By JOHN BISCO.

Echo-Song.

I know a noble heart that beats
For one it loves how “ wildly well!”

I only know for whom it beats ;

But I must never tell!

Never tell!

Hush! hark ! how Echo soft repeats,—

Ah! never tell!

I know a voice that falters low,

Whene’er one little name ’t would say ;

Full well that little name I know,

But that I’ll ne’er betray!

Ne’er betray!

Hush! hark! how Echo murmurs low,—

Ah! ne’er betray!

I know a smile that beaming flies

From soul to lip, with rapturous glow,

And I can guess who bids it rise;

But none—but none shall know!

None shall know!

Hush! hark! how Echo faintly sighs—

But none shall know !

FRANCES S. OSGOOD.

Why The Little Frenchman

WEARS HIS HAND IN A SLING.

It’s on my wisiting cards sure enough (and it’s them that’s
all o’ pink satin paper) that inny gintleman that plases may
behould the intheristhin words, “ Sir Pathrick O’Grandison,
Barronitt, 39 Southampton Row, Russell Square, Parrish o’
Bloomsbury.” And shud ye be wantin to diskiver who is
the pink of purliteness quite, and the laider of the hot tun
in the houl city o' Lonon—why it’s jist mesilf. And fait that
same is no wonder at all at all, (so be plased to stop curlin
your nose,) for every inch o’ the six wakes that I’ve been a
gintleman, and left aff wid the bog-throthing to take up wid
the Barronissy, i’ts Pathrick that’s been living like a houly
imperor, and gifting the iddication and the graces. Och !
and would'nt it be a blessed thing for your sperrits if ye cud
lay your two peepers jist, upon Sir Pathrick O’Grandison,
Barronitt, when he is all riddy drissed for the hopperer, or
“Upping into the Brisky for the drive into the Hyde Park.—
But it's the iligant big figgur that I ave, for the rason o’
which all the ladies fall in love wid me. Isn’t it my own
swate silf now that’ll missure the six fut, and the three inch-
es more nor that, in me stockings, and that am excadingly
will proportioned all over to match ? And is it ralelly more
than the three fut and a bit that there is, inny how, of the
little ould furrener Frinchman that lives jist over the way,
and that’s a oggling and a goggling the houl day, (and bad
luck to him,) at the purty widdy Misthress Trade that’s my
own nixt door neighbor, (God bliss her) and a most parlicul-

ler frind and acquintance? You percave the little spal-

peen is summat down in the mouth, and wears his lift hand
in a sling; and it’s for that same thing, by yur lave, that I’m
going to give you the good rason.

The truth of the houl matter is jist simple enough ; for
the very first day that I com’d from Connaught, and showd
my swate little silf in the strait to the widdy, who was look-
ing through the windy, it was a gone case althegither wid
the heart o’ the purty Misthress Tracle. I percaved it, ye
see, all at once, and no mistake, and that’s God’s thruth.
First of all it was up wid the windy in a jiffy, and thin she
threw open her two peepers to the itmost, and thin it was a
little gould spy-glass that she dapped tight to one o’ them,
and divil may burn me if it did’nt spake to me as plain as
a peeper cud spake, and says it, through the spy-glass,
“ Och ! the tip o’ the mornin to ye, Sir Pathrick O’Grandi-
son, Barronitt, mavourneen; aud it’s a nate gintleman that
ye are, sure enough, and it’s mesilf and me fortin jist that’ll
be at yur sarvice, dear, inny time o’ day at all at all for the
asking.” And it’s not mesilf ye wud have to be bate in the
purliteness; so I made her a bow that wud ha broken yur
heart althegither to behould, and thin I pulled aff me hat
with a flourish, and thin I winked at her hard wid both eyes,
as much as to say, “ Thrue for you, yer a swate little cra-
ture, Mrs. Tracle, me darlint, and I wish I may be
drownthed dead in a bog, if its not mesilf, Sir Pathrick
O’Grandison, Barronitt, that’ll make a houl bushel o’ love to
yur leddy-ship, in the twinkling o’ the eye of a Londonderry
purraty.”

And it was the nixt mornin, sure, jist as I was making
up me mind whither it wouldn’t be the purlite thing to
sind a bit o’ writin to the widdy by way of a love-litter,
when up cum’d the delivery sarvant wid an illigant card,
and he tould me that the name on it (for I niver cud rade
the copper-plate printin on account of being lift handed) was
all about Mounseer, the Count, A Goose, Look-aisy, Mai-
ter-di-dauns, and that the houl of the divilish lingo was the
spalpeeny long name of the little ould furrener Frinchman
as lived over the way.

And jist wid that in cum’d the little willian himsilf, and
thin he made me a broth of a bow, and thin he said he had
ounly taken the liberty of doing me the honor of the giving
me a call, and thin he went on to palaver at a great rate, and
divil the bit did I comprehind what he wud be afther the
tilling me at all at all, excipting and saving that he said
“ pully wou, woolly wou,” and tould me, among a bushel o’
lies, bad luck to him, that he was mad for the love o’ my
widdy Misthress Tracle, and that my widdy Mrs. Tracle had
a puncheon for him.

At the hearin of this, ye may swear, though, I was as mad
as a grasshopper, but I remimbered that I was Sir Pathrick
O’Grandison, Barronitt, and that it wasn’t althegither gentaal
to lit the anger git the upper hand o’ the purliteness, so I
made light o’ the matter and kipt dark, and got quite socia-
ble wid the little chap, and afther a while what did he do

130

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

but ask me to go wid him to the widdy’s, saying he wud
give me the feshionable inthroduction to her leddyship.

“ Is it there ye are ?” said I thin to mesilf, “ and its thrue
for you. Pathrick, that ye’re the fortunnittest mortal in life.
We’ll soon see now whither its your swate silf, or whither
its little Mounseer Maiter-di-dauns, that Misthress Tracle is
head and ears in the love wid.’’

Wid that we wint aff to the widdy’s, next door, and ye
may well say it was an illigant place; so it was. There
was a carpet all over the floor, and in one corner there was
a forty-pinny and a jews-harp and the divil knows whatilse,
and in another corner was a sofy, the beautifullest thing in
all natur, aud sitting on the sofy, sure enough, there was the
swate little angel, Misthress Tracle.

“ The tip o’ the morning to ye,” says I, “Mrs. Trade,”
and thin I made sich an iligant obaysance that it wud ha
quite althegither bewildered the brain o’ ye.

“ Wully woo, pully woo, plump in the mud,” says the
little furrenner Frinchman, “and sure Mrs. Tracle,” says
he, that he did, “isn’t this gintleman here jist his riverence
Sir Pathrick O’Grandison, Barronitt, and isn’t he althegither
and entirely the most purticular frind and acquintance that
I have in the houl world ?”

And wid that the widdy, she gits up from the sofy, and
makes the swatest curtchy nor iver was seen ; and thin down
she sits like an angel; and thin, by the powers, it was that
little spalpeen Mounseer Maiter-di-dauns that plumped
his silf right down by the right side of her. Och hon ! I
ixpicted the two eyes o’ me wud ha cum’d out of my head
on the spot, I was so dispirate mad ! Howiver, “ Bait
who!” says I, after a while. “ Is it there ye are, Mounseer
Maiter-di-dauns ?” and so down I plumped on the lift side
of her leddyship, to be aven wid the willain. Botheration!
it wud ha done your heart good to percave the illigant double
wink that I gived her jist thin right in the face wid both
eyes.

But the little ould Frinchman he niver beginned to suspict
me at all at all, and disperate hard it was he made the love
to her leddyship. “Woully wou” says he, “Pully wou”
says he, “ Plump in the mud" says he.

“ That’s all to no use, Mounseer Frog, mavourneen,”
thinks I; and I talked as hard and as fast as I could all the
while, and throth it was mesilf jist that divarted her leddy-
ship complately and intirely, by rason of the illigant con-
versation that I kipt up wid her all about the dear bogs of
Connaught. And by and by she gived me such a swate
smile, from one ind of her mouth to the ither, that it made
me as bould as a pig, and I jist took hould of the ind of her
little finger in the most dillikittest manner in natur, look-
ing at her all the while out o’ the whites of my eyes.

And then ounly to percave the cuteness of the swate an-
gel, for no sooner did she obsarve that I was afther the
squazing of her flipper, than she up wid it in a jitfy, and put
it away behind her back, jist as much as to say, “ Now thin,
Sir Pathrick O’Grandison, there’s a bitther chance for ye,
mavourneen, for its not altogether the gentaal thing to be
afther the squazing of my flipper right full in the sight of
that little furrenner Frinchman, Mounseer Maiter-di-dauns.”

Wid that I giv’d her a big wink jist to say, “ lit Sir Path-
rick alone for the likes o’ them thricks,” and thin I wint
aisy to work, and you'd have died wid the divarsion to be-
hould how oliverly I slipped my right arm betwane the back
o’ the sofy, and the back of her leddyship, and there, sure
enough, I found a swate little flipper all a waiting to say,

“ the tip o’ the mornin to ye, Sir Pathrick O’Grandison, Bar-

ronitt.” And wasn’t it mesilf, sure, that jist giv’d it the laste
little bit of a squaze in the world, all in the way of a com-
mincement, and not to be too rough wid her leddyship? and
och, botheration, wasn’t it the gentaalest and dilikittest of all
the little squazes that I got in return? “Blood and thun-
der, Sir Pathrick, mavourneen” thinks I to mesilf, “ fait it’s
jist the mother’s son of you, and nobody else at all at all,
that’s the handsomest and the fortunittest young bogthrotter
that ever cum’d out of Connaught!” And wid that I giv’d
the flipper a big squaze, and a big squaze it was, by the
powers, that her leddyship giv’d to me back. But it would
ha split the seven sides of you wid the laffin to behould,
jist thin all at once, the concated behaviour of Mounseer
Maiter-di-dauns. The likes o’ sich a jabbering, and a smirk-
ing, and a parly-wouing as he begin’d wid her leddyship,
niver was known before upon arth; and divil may burn me
if it wasn’t me own very two peepers that cotch’d him tip-
ping her the wink out of one eye. Och hon ! if it wasn’t
mesilf thin that was mad as a Kilkenny cat I shud like to be
tould who it was!

“ Let me infarm you, Mounseer Maiter-di-dauns,” said I,
as purlite as iver ye seed, “ that it’s not the gintaal thing at
ail at all, and not for the likes o’ you inny how, to be afther
the oggling and a goggling at her leddyship in that fashion,”
and jist wid that such another squaze as it was I giv’d her
flipper, all as much as to say, “ isn’t it Sir Pathrick now,
my jewel, that’ll he able to the proticting o’ you, my dar-
lint ?” and then there cum’d another squaze back, all by way
of the answer. “ Thrue for you, Sir Pathrick,” it said as
plain as iver a squaze said in the world, “ Thrue for you,
Sir Pathrick, mavourneen, and it’s a proper nate gintleman
ye are—that God’s truth,” and wid that she opened her two
beautiful peepers till I belaved they wud ha com d out of her
hid althegither and intirely, and she looked first as mad as a
cat at Mounseer Frog, and thin as smiling as all out o’ doors
at mesilf.

“ Thin," says he, the willian, “ Och hon ! and a woolly-
wou, pully-wou,” and thin wid that he shoved up his two
shoulders till the divil the bit of his hid was to be diskiver-
ed, and thin he let down the two corners of his purraty-trap,
and thin not a haporth more of the satisfaction could I git
out o’ the spalpeen.

Belave me, my jewel, it was Sir Pathrick that was unra-
sonable mad thin, and the more by token that the Finchman
kipt an wid his winking at the widdy; and the widdy
she kip tan wid the squazing of my flipper, as much as to say,
“ At him again Sir Pathrick O’Grandison, mavourneen;” so
I jist ripped out wid a big oath, and says I,

“ Ye little spalpeer.y frog of a bog-throtting son of a bloody-
noun !”—and jist thin what d’ye think it was that her leddy-
ship did ? Troth she jumped up from the sofy as if she was
bit, and made all through the door, while I turned my head
round afther her, in a complate bewilderment and bothera-
tion, and followed her wid me two peepers. You percave I
had a rason of my own for the knowing that she could’nt git
down the stairs althegither and entirely; for I knew very
well that I had hould of her hand, for divil the bit had I
iver lit it go. And says I,

“Isn’t it the laste little bit of a mistake in the world that
ye’ve been afther the making, yer leddyship ? Come back
now, that’s a darlint, and I’ll give ye yur flipper." But afl
she wint down the stairs like a shot, and then I turned round
to the little Frinch furrenner. Och hon! if it wasn't his
spalpeeny little paw that I had hould of in my own—why
thin—thin it was'nt—that’s all.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

131

And maybe it wasn’t mesilf that jist died then outright
wid the laffin, to behould the little chap when he found out
that it wasn’t the widdy at all at all that he had had hould
of all the time, but only Sir Pathrick O’Grandison. The ould
divil himsilf niver behild sich a long face as he pet an! As
for Sir Pathrick O’Grandison, Barronitt, it wasn’t for the
likes of his riverence to be afther the minding a thrifle of a
mistake. Ye may jist say, though (for it’s God’s thruth) that
afore I lift hould of the flipper of the spalpeen, (which was
not till afther her leddyship’s futmen had kicked us both
down the stairs,) I gived it such a nate little broth of a
squaze, as made it all up into raspberry jam.

“Wouly-wou,” says he, “pully-wou,” says he—“Cot
tam !”

And that’s jist the thruth of the rason why he wears his
lift hand in a sling.	LITTLETON BARRY.

To the River -------------

Fair river! in thy bright, clear flow
Of chrystal, wandering water,

Thou art an emblem of the glow

Of beauty—the unhidden heart—

The playful maziness of art

In old Alberto’s daughter;

But when within thy wave she looks—

Which glistens then, and trembles—

Why, then, the prettiest of brooks
Her worshipper resembles;

For in my heart, as in thy stream,

Her image deeply lies—

The heart which trembles at the beam
Of her soul-searching eyes.	P

The Magnetizer; or, Ready for Any Body.

BY THE AUTHOR OF “THE VISION OF RUBETA.”

CHARACTERS OF THE DRAMA.

Clairvoir ; a wealthy widower.

Racy ; his half brother.

Schuyler Walton ; engaged to Clairvoir’s daughter. 

Frank Randolfh ; a young Virginian, nephew to Racy, through
his wife, and his son and heir by adoption.

Arnold Dulruse ; engaged to Clairvoir’s niece.

Sanzacarlini ; a needy Neapolitan.

Gantelet ; French servant to Randolph.

Catharine; Clairvoir's daughter.

Mary Mildmay; his niece.

Mrs. Dulruse ; Arnold’s mother ; housekeeper to Clairvoir.
Getty ; Catharine’s maid.

Scene: New York.

Time : that of the action.

Costume : the fashions of the summer of 1841.

ACT. I.

Scene I.—In Clairvoir’s house.—A drawingroom, with three win-
dows, having Venetian blinds on the outside. The sashes of the
windows are raised, and the blinds of one of them bowed, with the
laths inclining downwards. At this latter window, Mary Mild-
may is seen sitting, in a listless attitude, as though she were
looking idly into the street; her cheek rests upon one hand,
while the other holds some needlework negligently upon her lap.

Enter Catharine, gaily. She runs up to Mary, clapping her
hands together

Cath. They're at it! they’re at it! Coz ! cousin Mary ! Why,
what the deuce is in the girl ? [ Shaking her.] Here is the greatest

sport in the world going on, and all within doors; yet you sit there
moping, gazing through the blinds at dirt-carts and omnibuses, as
if there were poetry in dust and music in wagon wheels ! Have
you no respect for science ? no regard for the exaltation of human
nature ? Ha, ha, ha!

Mary. I am not in spirits, Kate.

Cath. [Mimicking.] Not in spirits, Kate ! Not in liquor, I
suppose. Now, if you were a man, I should verily believe you
were. But I’ll tell you what you are in, Mary : you are in love;
and that’s the most spiritless thing in the world, I’m sure.

Mary. [Rising.] I should hope not, cousin; for then, poor
Mr. Walton!

Cath. Well, that sounds somewhat like life. And now, since
you are fairly roused, let us off to the library. [Brings her for-
ward.] Come, instead of watching for Mr. Arnold Dulruse, let us
see what Mr. Arnold’s mother is doing to my papa and your
uncle.

Mary. But, Kate dear, how can you tease one so ? You know
I never—that is—I mean—I never now like to talk of Arnold.

Cath. No, but—that is—I mean—you love to think on him.
Ha, ha! my gentle, and most constant, and grave, and pensive
Mary, how you blush!

Mary. You have bad eyes, cousin.

Cath. Then Schuyler tells me very great fibs. The dear, good-
for-nothing, rhyming!—Did’nt he say that—let me see, what was
it? O! [Declaiming.] “ Oh, by those eyes, whose rays are like
—are like—O! are like the stars, that through the blue of hea-
ven their”—and so on. There, you malicious little devil, you see
that I am greater than Atlas. I bear a firmament between my
eyelids, and am a sort of peripatetic animated universe, or at least,
a circumambulatory supercelestial! Bad eyes, you envious crea-
ture ! Stars! stars ! and of the first magnitude. When did your
dull, prosaical lover, ever say anything half so fine to you ?

Mary. Why, in truth, never. And I am much obliged to him;
for, had he likened my eyes to stars, I should have thought that he
felt himself in the dark when under their beams, and that a release
to the streets was a welcome escape into daylight, or a waking
from the night into morning. Of trite similes, the sun is rather
more cheerful and vivifying, if one must have such celestial non-
sense.

Cath. I vow, I’ll pinch you to death. But come, coz.

Mary. Where ?

Cath. To see Papa play Mr. Peale to Mrs. Dulrusers Blind
Lady : the museum, our little library. Letty saw them go there a
minute ago. By this time, the curtain must be up, and the farce
will want spectators. Come, Mary darling, I would’nt miss the
scene for worlds.

Mary. But cannot you go alone, Kate ? I—I would rather—I
would rather not go, cousin ; because—because—

Cath. Because you had rather stay here, to look from the win-
dow, and fancy every orangeman you see is about to be metamor-
phosed into sober Mr. Dulruse, with his arm full of golden compli-
ments and fragrant suavities, just imported from Cyprus, and to
wish that the next image-vender were your solemn beau, with all
his little plaster Cupids turned into spiritual, ardent, real Loves, and
nestling in his head, instead of spreading their squab wings on the
boarded top of it.

Mary. Indeed, indeed, Catharine, you mistake me ; I was not
—not looking for Arnold. [Bursts into tears.]

Cath. [Rising and embracing her affectionately.] And sup-
pose that you were, dear, good Mary ! Now, do forgive me : in-
deed I did not mean to vex you; and I cannot see any harm in
one's wishing for one’s sweetheart.

Mary. But I assure you, Catharine, I had no such idea. I
should—I confess—be glad to see Arnold—though, perhaps, after
his—his late—neglect, I ought not; but that, really, was not my
motive.

Cath. Well, I wont ask you. We will let Papa amuse him-
self without us. There ! kiss me once more, to show that you for-
give me : you know I am such a rattle; I am always saying things
I ought not.

132

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Mary. But there is no harm done, Kate; and I am not angry.
Cath. No, you dear soul, you are too sweet-tempered ever to be
angry. [Kissing her again and embracing.]

Mary. Come, cousin ; don’t mistake me for yourself, and your-
self for Mr. Walton.

Cath. Not quite, or you would not have had that kiss.

Mary. Hum!

Cath. Now, I will pinch you. You’re a naughty, malicious—
Mary. Oh yes ! an old receipt to hide confusion. Whose turn
is it now, Kate ?	[A loud ringing heard, as of a door-bell.]

Cath. Why, yours again; and to lose color, too. I told you,
you expected—

Mary. No. Kate, upon my word! Indeed ! I am sure it is not
he. [Sighing.] That is Mr. Walton.

Cath. A dozen pair of gloves, it is not! Run to the window;
you can’t be seen. Pshaw! you're a snail! Let me. [Looks
through the blinds for a second, and comes back blushing and con-
fused.]

Mary. You’ve lost. I knew it—[Sighing]—and you never lost
a wager more willingly.

Cath. Not since it gives you pain, believe me, dear Mary.
But where is the girl going ? Mr. Walton wont eat you up.

Mary. No, but he would be cross enough to snap at me, if I
staid. There’s the door shut. Three spoils company. [Going.]
Cath. And one should do as one should be done by, ah, coz.'
[Running after and hugging her. Exit Mary.] The dear,
sweet girl! What a pity she should have such a lover!

Enter Walton.

Walt. What lover is that, Catharine, that is so happy as to be
the object of your pity ?

Cath. Not you, Schuyler; or I should wish you far enough.
Walt. Why, yes; for Pity, if akin to Love, is one of that sort
of poor relations we are seldom proud to acknowledge.

Cath. True ; for nine times out of ten, Contempt is in the fam-
ily.

Walt. And, the tenth time, she may be found to bo a twin-sis-
ter. Happy fellow, if such be the lineage of the gentleman now in
question.

Cath. Why, whom are you talking of now ?

Walt. The lover, surely, whom you named as I entered.

Cath. It would fit him well, in the case. But my pity was not
bestowed upon the lover, but the lady. Poor Mary !

Walt. Your cousin, Miss Mildmay ?

Cath. Yes; and I wonder more and more, every day, what a
girl of her good taste could have seen in that sour Mr. Dulruse to
bewitch her; and, were it not for her evident uneasiness, I should
really rejoice at his present indifference : he is quite unworthy of
so good a girl, I am sure, and some other man might one day make
her fur happier than her tender nature could ever hope to be with
a person of his character.

Walt. Generous creature ! I do love you so, for that very love
you bear your orphan cousin.

Cath. What! more than for my eyes? the stars, you know.
Take care, Mr. Poet; I shall be jealous.

Walt. And you will have cause, Catharine, whenever your vir-
tues seem inferior to Miss Mildmay’s.

Cath. And are my eyes then to count for nothing ? O sacrile-
gious and rebellious wretch! I must have you to your rhymes
again. When did I give you leave to forget my beauty in the cat-
alogue of my numerous qualifications ?

Walt. When you taught me that your heart outshone it, and
that your mind was its divinest essence. [Kissing her hand.]
Cath. Well; pretty well, that: your disloyalty is atoned for.
And now, let go my fingers, and I will tell you a secret. First,
what do you think of Mrs. Dulruse ? Come, don't hesitate.

Walt. If my position will excuse my speaking so plainly. Yet,
I would rather not.

Cath. Fie, Schuyler! what scrupulosity! Why, she is only
our housekeeper—as yet, thank Heaven! and you know I do not
like her.

Walt. Yet, she is a lady; at least she has been so accounted;
and, at all events, she is a woman.

Cath. Well then, since you are so delicate, I will be your
mouthpiece. I will speak for you; and you shall see how well I
can read your thoughts.

Walt. Take care you don’t misspell.

Cath. You shall ferule my hand, if I do. Nay, don’t take hold
of it already ; I have not yet missed. You think her, Schuyler, an
artful, heartless, and mercenary woman, whose will, were it but
assisted by her intellect, would render her dangerous ; but her ig-
norance makes her blunder, and her scheming degenerates, through
her fatuity, into mere cunning.

Walt. Which is the intelligence of vulgar minds. You have
read me well. Now, what follows?

Cath. How would you like her for a mother-in-law ?

Walt. Like her ? But that is impossible!

Cath. What then if she become my mother?

Walt. Good God! your father—Mr. Clairvoir cannot be so
blind ?

Cath. Indeed, but he is: the deluded are always so. And they
are at this very moment about it.

Walt. Surely, it cannot be; there is some mistake; you are
not so unhappy. Gone to be married !

Cath. I did not say so. But they are going through with the
preliminaries; courtship and infatuation.

Walt. I do not understand you. You talk, Catharine, of what
should be a misery to you, and would be, did not our own marriage
promise you a speedy release from it; yet there is a laughing hu-
mor in those darling eyes, and a smile about those beautiful lips,
that—

Cath. I had better tell you at once, I see; for you are lapsing
into poetry and flattery. Did you ever hear of Animal Magnetism,
or Mesmerism, or whatever other ism, except skepticism, you may
choose to name it ?

Walt. Surely; who has not?

Cath. And do you believe in it ?

Walt. Do I believe that I can see without eyes, hear without
ears, smell without a nose, taste without a tongue, and feel without
either feet or hands ?

Cath. Well, my father does; and some book that he has lately
been reading, has carried his credulity to a pitch that is absolute
fanaticism. Now, Mrs. Dulruse has for a long time been making
love to him.

Walt. Nothing uncommon in the house-keeper of a wealthy
widower.

Cath. So I suppose; but it is not the more agreeable for all
that. Well, what does the cunning creature do, but gradually, af-
ter a little well-managed resistance, become a convert to these fan-
tastical doctrines. My father, of course, was vastly delighted, the
more so that I had made free to ridicule their nonsense, and con-
ceiving that there might be some undiscovered magnetic affinities
between himself and the amiable Dulruse, he yesterday set him-
self to explore the localities, doubtless with the full consent of the
proprietress. My Letty, who is about the cleverest maid that
ever lady was blest with, has, I have lately seen, much to my vex-
ation, been slily amusing herself with the growing cordiality of my
father and his housekeeper, and, shrewdly suspecting that the lat-
ter, (whom she hates as cordially as her good nature will let her
hate anything,) would make some rare use of the new experiments,
she took the liberty of listening and peeping in the keyhole of the
library, where they were performed. I have reprimanded her for
this impropriety, and forbid her repeating it; but I could not pre-
vent myself from hearing what she came in haste to tell me. You
look grave, Schuyler: was I wrong ?

Walt. I think you were; you should have stopped her at once,
my dear girl.

Cath. And I believe I should, had I had time to make the reso-
lution; but Letty took me quite by surprise, and, before I knew
what I was about she had emptied her entire budget for my bene
 fit. And what do you think it amounted to ?

Walt. I do not like to guess.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

133

Cath. Why, that Mrs. Dulruse has an actual design to entrap
my father into a speedy, if not an immediate marriage.

Walt. But the girl may have deceived herself.

Cath. No, no; she is the shrewdest of the shrewd. Besides,
my dear Schuyler, I drew precisely the same conclusion from
what she told me, as she herself had done. Now, have you a de-
sire to observe this folly ?

Walt. How ?

Cath. Simply, by being a spectator of it. Just before yon
came in Papa led his inamorata to the library, Letty tells me ; and
there is no doubt he is now manipulating on her wrinkled sinciput,
and making, as he supposes (I should blush to say it of my father,
to any body but you,) his spirit pass into hers over the very ethereal
bridge of his thumbs. I wanted Mary to go in with me to see this
demonstration of the separability of the soul; but she refused, poor
thing, I suspect, because of late—from—from—for a certain reason
which I cannot name to you now, Mrs. Dulruse has treated her
with no little insolence, and she believes her (very rightly, if she
knew all) to be the chief cause of her son’s estrangement.

Walt. But how will your father relish our intrusion ?
Cath. Be delighted with it. He will glory in the demonstra-
tion of his fancied science. Come. But first, we’ll endeavor to 
persuade Mary to join us; I long to open the eyes of that innocent
creature to the character of the Dulruses, mother and son: she
should not marry that man.

Walt. You are very right: she were better dead. I will go
with you.

Cath. Mary is in the next room. Before we go to the library, 
I will ring for Letty, that she may repeat before you what she
knows of this intrigue, as I fear it to be on one side; and you shall 
draw your own conclusions. Do not fear; the girl is not an ordi-
nary servant; she may safely be made a confidant. And besides,
Schuyler, nothing, that is not dishonorable, should stand in our
way, to prevent a consummation as melancholy almost for you as it
would be for me.

Walt. Sensible girl. [Kissing her hand.]

Cath. Fie! you are as bad as my father. Does good sense lie
to the fingers ?

Walt. No, Kate, but a most delicate sensation does. [Exeunt,
at the tide.]

Sceke II.—A room of smaller dimensions, surrounded with shelves of 
books. Globes, maps, and the various other articles usual in a pri-
vate library. Mrs. Dulruse is discovered seated in a Voltaire-chair,
in the position and with the appearance proper to the magnetic slum-
ber. Clairvoir, seated before her in another chair. Just as the
scene opens, he throws himself back in his seat, and gazes with a show
of admiration on his patient.

Clair. Wonderful, celestial science ! Where now are the prim-
ordial bounds which would-be philosophers have pretended were
set by Nature to human action and to human thought ? Man, no
longer a creature of the elements, no more a slave to the narrow
Powers excited by mere blood, and bones, and muscle.—man, the
spirit, not the carcase, shall not now say unto the worm, " Thou
art my mother and my sister,” but unto the angels, " Ye are my
brethren” : for he is now, omnipotent, ubiquitous,—ah ! he may be
omniscient. Then, seeing all, knowing all, penetrating into all
space and at one time, he shall be greater than the angels. Glo-
rious aspirations ! Nor let it be deemed profane: have not pious
men proclaimed it lawful ? Has not Heaven given us these pow-

ers to be used ? Heaven laid the magnet where, in process of time,
it was discovered; and, in a still longer process, man applied it to
its destined purpose; and Heaven gave us these magnetic affinities,
which, suspected long ago, but only discovered in their full extent
within a brief period, set man at once above all former sublunary
considerations. What now need he travel for, at the risk of life, to
foreign countries ? Seated in his chair, he wills himself into the
mind of another and congenial spirit, who, at his direction, travels
in thought to all quarters of the world, without moving an inch—
sees now the British massacre in China,—now counts the Arabs
slaughtered in Algiers, and now prognosticates the sex of the forth-
coming issue of Victoria ; and the tally conveyance, and uncertain 

news, of mails and steam-packets, are entirely superseded. Disease
itself has henceforth no secret. I will my amiable Dorothy to look
into my bowels; she does so: she sees at a glance what is there
disturbed, what needs repairing; and the doctor, no more working
in the dark, prescribes with safety, and Death is bid defiance.
Hail, mysterious source of— What am I doing ! I, who till now
have ridiculed soliloquies upon the stage, in my rapture guilty of
as great a folly! Yet no; I do not speak alone and to myself;
there sits my coadjutor, my sympathetic Dolly ; and doubtless, at
this moment, though locked, by the semi-gyration of my thumbs, in
a slumber which, as has been properly said, “ a park of artillery
would not disturb,” she hears all, and sees all, as though she were
awake. Do you not, madam ?

Mrs. D. As clear as starch.

Clair. I thought so! I thought so! Wonderful!—a few more
experiments, and I will release you from this fatiguing, though ec-
static trance. Let us mount into the moon : I want to know what
the people there are doing. Here, give me your hands.

Mrs. D. But you must n’t let me fall.

Clair. Never fear, madam. Are you ready ? Let us fly then !
[He lifts her hands up and down, to imitate the motion of wings.]

Mrs. D. O, what a wondersome height. But I shall fall
Mercy on me ! my head goes round like a top.

Clair. Hold fast, then. And, faith, you do ! You squeeze like
the devil. Not quite so hard. There ; are you there ?

Mrs. D. Yes, I am in a wonderful place. It does n’t look like
green cheese : that must be a lie.

Clair. No doubt; no doubt. Do you see any mountains, mad-
am, and valleys ?

Mrs. D. Yes, a great many of’em ; one ever so big; six times
as high as the Catskills, and with trees growing on the top of it.
Lor' ! it’s shaped like a man’s nose: it must be a part of the face
we see in the full moon.

Clair. Very likely. But they must have a wonderful climate
there, for trees to grow at such a height.

Mrs. D. Yes; but then, there are none in the valleys.

Clair. Ah! I see! I see! That explains it. Everything is just
the reverse of what it is here on earth. Wonderful!

Mrs. D. Oh yes; there goes a man, walking as fast as ever ha
can, on his head. Good gracious!

Clair. Are you sure!

Mrs. D. Yes; for he meets a lady, and they touch heels go-
gether.

Clair. Toes, you mean.

Mrs. D. Yes, toes, to salute one another.

Clair How are they dressed ?

Mrs. D. Spare my blushes. I do declare—I—don’t ask me ;
but I don’t think they have anything on them; not a rag. The
nasty beasts!

Clair. A state of innocence and unsophisticated nature. No
stocks there fluctuate with the rise and fall of cotton; no quarrels
threaten from an agitated tariff on silks. Do you see any water ?

Mrs. D. Oceans full; and, my stars! there is a man on the
shore milking a whale ! Did you ever!

Clair. The very thing Locke said! I never could have believed
it. Does he do it standing ?

Mrs. P. No; he's lying on his face, feet foremost.

Clair. And draws the udder with his toes ! A strange variety
of the genus Homo. Are you tired, my dear ? shall we descend ?

Mrs. D. If you please; it feels too cold here. [She shudders,
and her teeth chatters.] But don’t let me fall.

Clair. Never fear. [She puts her arm about his neck.] That’s
right. But, the deuse! don’t hug so hard; or you’ll strangle me.
There; are you home I

Mrs. D. Yes. O me! I’m so tired !

Clair. And what do you see here ?

Mrs. D. Mr. Walton is in the drawing-room, courting Miss
Clairvoir.

Clair. Like enough ; the bell rung a little while ago. Well,
that is all right.

Mrs. P- Ah, I’m afeard not!

134

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Clair. No ? Why not ?

Mrs. D. She never will marry him.

Clair. The deuse she won’t ! This is had news. Are you very
sure ?

Mrs. D. Yes; another match is laid out for her, that will make
her case so much happier. He will be the richest man in the city,
—twice as rich as John Jacob Astor; and they will have lots of
children.

Clair. But who is he ? who is he ?

Mrs. D. I blush to say. Do not ask me!

Clair. Nay, dear madam ; speak out: nobody hears you.

Mrs. D. But will you forgive me ?

Clair. Surely; I cannot help fate: you see but what will hap-
pen.

Mrs. D. And what ought to happen; for shockin’ things will
take place, if it don't, Mr. Clairvoir. It is---

Clair. Who ?

Mrs. D. His name begins with A, and ends with E.

Clair. A ? and ends with E ? Who can that be ? [to himself."]

Mrs. D. Now I see him clearly: he kneels to ask my blessing,
and his wife kneels to ask her father’s; what a lovely couple ! It
is my son! my Arnold ! Did I ever ?

Clair. Why, no I never ! This I don’t like.

Mrs. D. But it is writ in Heaven; and it must be.

Clair. But perhaps we may avoid it; for I tell you, widow, she
is promised to Schuyler Walton, as fine a fellow as ever darkened
a house door;—and there are other reasons besides.

Mrs. D. But what must be, will be ; and Mr. Walton laughs at
the science, and mocks at you.

Clair. How do you know that ? Did you ever hear him ?

Mrs. D. No, but I see it as plain as I see the whales, and every
other thing in this sumnamberlism.

Clair. Somnambulism, my dear. If I thought so!—But what
else do you see ? What is my dearest wish at this moment ?
Come, tell me that; it is my last experiment for to-day.

Mrs. D. It is—spare my blushes.

Clair. Pshaw ! my dear; no one sees you, but me,

Mrs. D. That's true ; and then, I'm forced to speak ; or I would
n’t. Your dearest wish is----

Clair. —To?

Mrs.V. —Consummate our union. [Clairvoir starts back, and
Mrs. D. covers her face as if ashamed.]

Clair. The devil it is ! Why I never thought on it. Are you
very sure, Mrs. Dulruse ?

Mrs. D. Very sure, Mr. Clairvoir.

Clair. Then I don’t know my own mind.

Mrs. D. How should you as well as I ? Did n't you give me
the power to enter it ? I can’t help it, if you willed it so. And
you might have a thought, you know, which was kind o’ dim to
yourself, but which I could see ever so plain.

Clair. And that is true ; for you are fast asleep.

Mrs. D. Besides, what was you just talking of? Was’nt it of
Mr. Walton and Miss Catharine ?

Clair. True.

Mrs. D. Well, what so near to a father as his daughter? So,
thinking of her, you must have thought of yourself, you know, and,
thinking of her marriage, your own must have occurred to you,
don’t you see, and having occurred to you, why, you must have
wished it at this moment.

Clair. Why, that I am not so sure of. But then, the science
cannot be mistaken.

Mrs. D. Nor can I resist your will, Mr. Clairvoir. If you was
to send me to the Bad Place, I must go there; and if you willed me
to look into your mind, I had to do it; your power is omipertent.

Clair. Angelic creature !	[ Throws his arm in ecstasy about

her neck.] What a union of congenial spirits will ours be!

Mrs. D. Dear Mr. Clairvoir! [Throwing her arms in turn
about him.] Oh, dear me ! I shall die of shame!

Clair. Poor soul! she cannot help betraying her love in this
magnetic condition!

Mrs. D. No, in this pathetic position I cannot indeed help dis-
playing it. [kisses him.]

[At this moment, enter Walton and Catharine. They stop, confused,

and gaze at one another.]

Clair. What a life of immateriality will ours be !

Mrs. D. Yes, pure materiality ! [kissing him.]

Clair. No corporeity to obfuscate our intellectual enjoyments!

Mrs. D. No, no paupereity to puzzball our effectual enjoyments!
oh, my love ! [Hugging him ]

Clair. We shall see with magnetic vision, feel by magnetic
affinity.

Mrs. D. O, Mr. Clairvoir! spare my blushes!

Clairvoir. —Do all things by magnetic, somnambulistic, sym-
pathetic correspondence. A life of unsensuality, without admix-
ture ! [Hugging.]

Mrs. D. Yes, a life of sensuality, without fixtures! Let us be-
gin it at once. O, O, O, dear, darling, apathetic magnetiser!
[Hugging.]

Cath. [Recovering. Aside to Walton.] What say you now?

O	my father! how I blush for him ! Let us go.

Walt. [Aside to Cath.] You are very right: a child should not
be the willing observer of its parent’s follies.

Clair. [Standing up, and disengaging himself] Eh! what’s
that ? Confusion!

Mrs. D. [Pretending to be still fast sleep ] Clairvoir, don't
leave me.

Clair. Hush! Mrs. D.; there are persons present. Poor
thing ! she can see and hear only me. Wonderful! Mr. Walton,
Catharine ; don’t go. Mrs. Dulruse has been so kind as to permit
me to manipulate her: I have made some wonderful experiments:
would you like to see them continued ?

Cath. No, no, papa; we will go. Come [aside to Walt.] don't
stay.

Clair. But Mr. Walton [Detaining him,] would perhaps like to
see them, Kate. And my wish was, just this moment, (at least, I
thought so ; though Mrs. Dulruse says it was not,) to have specta-
tors of my great discoveries. Come, Walton, my boy, I will put
her into communication with you. Take her hand.

Mrs. D. O no, Mr. Clairvoir; don't! I don’t want to have evil
communication with any body but you.

Walt. You had better wake her up; if she’s not so already.

Clair. So already ! Walton! Schuyler Walton! Are you stu-
pid ? Why, sir,—look at that excellent woman. Not a pack of
artillery exploding in her ears would wake her; not the thunder of
heaven, sir; yet I, I sir, poor human being as I am, I, Harry Clair-
voir, can rouse her by the will, by the mere energy of my spirit.
Behold !

Cath. Oh dear, my father is stark mad ! [aside.]

Clair. Awake, Mrs. Dulruse; awake to this grosser existence.
[Waving his hand magnetically over her forehead] : I will it.

Mrs. D. [Starting and opening her eyes.] Where?—what’s
the matter? [Rubbing her eyes, and staring round in seeming con-
fusion] Who ?—O! I see; I am dead with shame.

Clair. You should be alive with glory, Mrs. Dulruse! [Taking
her hand.] It is the victory of science; the triumph of immortal
mind over corrupt matter; the exaltation of spirituality over corpo-
rality! Walton, study magnetism; I will lend you Townshend,
Hartshorne, Stone: your sons shall be magnetisers, and your
daughters—

Walt, [aside to Cath.] Dulruses, I suppose.—I thank you, sir;

I	am quite contented that they should have their simple senses like
their father, and their every-day virtues like their lovely mother.
[Exeunt Walt. and Cath.]

Clair. Sir! no respect for your immortal nature? no belief in the
mind's independence of the corporeal faculties? [ Turning before
they are quite gone.] Did you ever, Mrs. Dulruse!

Mrs. D. Why, no I never! And I must say, Mr. Clairvoir—

Clair. That Walton treats me damned shabbily. Look you, sir I
Eh ! gone ? In my own house ? He, I see plainly, has no sympa-
thy with science, no congeniality of feeling.

Mrs. D. I told yon so: no congenitality for feeling at all.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

135

Clair. But I’ll fix him.

Mrs. D. You’d best let Miss Catharine.

Clair. Perhaps I may. The disrespectful!—Simple senses, in-
deed! Mere corporality sentiment; no capability of comprehend-
ing this mystical agent! Come, my better half.

Mrs D. [Affecting coyness.] I am not so yet, sir.

Clair. Yes, in your spirit.

Mrs. D. But my body.

Clair. I’ll magnetize that to-morrow—[Going.]

Mrs. D. But the ring will be well to keep it fast, Mr. Clairvoir.
[Tagging behind.]

Clair. Time enough for that, my congenial spirit. Mere corpo-
rality! no reverence for this mystic agent! [Exit, shutting the
door after him in his abstraction.]

Mrs. D. Time enough, you old fool, you? Let me get it once;
and I’ll make the body fact enough to you. That for your con-
genitals ! that for your pauperalities and fiscal agents ! [Exit.]

END OF ACT FIRST.

The Valley of Unrest.

Once it smiled a silent dell
Where the people did not dwell;

They had gone unto the wars,

Trusting to the mild-eyed stars,

Nightly, from their azure towers,

To keep watch above the flowers,

In the midst of which all day
The red sun-light lazily lay.

Now each visitor shall confess
The sad valley’s restlessness.

Nothing there is motionless—

Nothing save the airs that brood
Over the magic solitude.

Ah, by no wind are stirred those trees
That palpitate like the chill seas
Around the misty Hebrides!

All, by no wind those clouds are driven
That rustle through the unquiet Heaven
Unceasingly, from morn till even,

Over the violets there that lie
In myriad types of the human eye—

Over the lilies there that wave
And weep above a nameless grave!

They wave:—from out their fragrant tops
Eternal dews come down in drops.

They weep:—from off their delicate stems
Perennial tears descend in gems.

EDGAR A. POE.

Silence— A Fable.

'Ευδουσιυ δ'οϱεων χοϱυφαι τε χαι ϥαϱαγγες
IIϱωνες τε χαι χαϱαδϱαι.	alcman.

The mountain pinnacles slumber ; valleys, crags and caves are silent.

“ Listen to me," said the Demon, as he placed his hand
upon my head. “ The region of which I speak is a dreary
region in Libya, by the borders of the river Zaire- And
there is no quiet there, nor silence.

“ The waters of the river have a saffron and sickly hue,
and they flow not onwards to the sea, but palpitate forever
and forever beneath the red eye of the sun with a tumultuous
and convulsive motion. For many miles on either side of
the river’s oozy bed is a pale desert of gigantic water-lilies.
They sigh one unto the other in that solitude, and stretch to-
wards the heaven their long and ghastly necks, and nod to
nd fro their everlasting heads. And there is an indistinct

murmur which cometh out from among them like the rush-
ing of subterrene water. And they sigh one unto the other.

“ But there is a boundary to their realm—the boundary of
the dark, horrible, lofty forest. There, like the waves about
the Hebrides, the low underwood is agitated continually.
But there is no wind throughout the heaven. And the tall
primeval trees rock eternally hither and thither with a crash-
ing and mighty sound. And from their high summits, one
by one, drop everlasting dews. And at the roots strange
poisonous flowers lie writhing in perturbed slumber. And
overhead, with a rustling and loud noise, the gray clouds
rush westwardly forever, until they roll, a cataract, over the
fiery wall of the horizon. But there is no wind throughout
the heaven. And by the shores of the river Zaire there is
neither quiet nor silence.

“ It was night, and the rain fell; and, falling, it was rain,
but, having fallen, it was blood. And I stood in the morass
among the tall lilies, and the rain fell upon my head—and
the lilies sighed one unto the other in the solemnity of their
desolation.

“ And, all at once, the moon arose through the thin ghast-
ly mist, and was crimson in color. And mine eyes fell upon
a huge gray rock which stood by the shore of the river, and
was lighted by the light of the moon. And the rock was gray,
and ghastly, and tall,— and the rock was gray. Upon
its front were characters engraven in the stone; and I
walked through the morass of water-lilies, until I came close
unto the shore, that I might read the characters upon the
stone. But I could not decypher them. And I was going
back into the morass, when the moon shone with a fuller red,
and I turned and looked again upon the rock, and upon the
characters;—and the characters were desolation.

“ And I looked upwards, and there stood a man upon the
summit of the rock ; and I hid myself among the water-lilies
that I might discover the actions of the man. And the man
was tall and stately in form, and was wrapped up from his
shoulders to his feet in the toga of old Rome. And the out-
lines of his figure were indistinct—but his features were the
features of a deity ; for the mantle of the night, and of the
mist, and of the moon, and of the dew, had left uncovered
the features of his face. And his brow was lofty with thought,
and his eye wild with care; and, in the few furrows upon
his cheek I read the fables of sorrow, and weariness, and dis-
gust with mankind, and a longing after solitude.

“ And the man sat upon the rock, and leaned his head up-
on his hand, and looked out upon the desolation. He looked
down into the low unquiet shrubbery, and up into the tall
primeval trees, and up higher at the rustling heaven, and in-
to the crimson moon. And I lay close within shelter of the
lilies, and observed the actions of the man. And the man
trembled in the solitude;—but the night waned, and he sat
upon the rock.

“ And the man turned his attention from the heaven, and
looked out upon the dreary river Zaire, and upon the yellow
ghastly waters, and upon the pale legions of the water-lilies.
And the man listened to the sighs of the water lilies, and to
the murmur that came up from among them. And I lay
close within my covert and observed the actions of the man.
And the man trembled in the solitude ;—but the night wan-
ed and he sat upon the rock.

" Then I went down into the recesses of the morass, and
waded afar in among the wilderness of the lilies, and called
unto the hippopotami which dwelt among the fens in the
recesses of the morass. And the hippopotami heard my call,
and came, with the behemoth, unto the foot of the rock, and
roared loudly and fearfully beneath the moon. And I lay

136

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

close within my covert and observed the actions of the man.
And the man trembled in the solitude ;—but the night wan-
ed and he sat upon the rock.

“ Then I cursed the elements with the curse of tumult;
and a frightful tempest gathered in the heaven where, before,
there had been no wind. And the heaven became livid
with the violence of the tempest—and the rain beat upon
the head of the man—and the floods of the river came down
—and the river was tormented into foam—and the water-
lilies shrieked within their beds—and the forest crumbled
before the wind—and the thunder rolled—and the lightning
fell—and the rock rocked to its foundation. And I lay close
within my covert and observed the actions of the man. And
the man trembled in the solitude;—but the night waned and
he sat upon the rock.

“ Then I grew angry and cursed, with the curse of silence, 
the river, and the lilies, and the wind, and the forest, and
the heaven, and the thunder, and the sighs of the water-lilies.
And they became accursed, and were still. And the moon
ceased to totter up its pathway to heaven—and the thunder
died away—and the lightning did not flash—and the clouds
hung motionless—and the waters sunk to their level and re-
mained—and the trees ceased to rock—and the water-lilies
sighed no more—and the murmur was heard no longer from
among them, nor any shadow of sound throughout the vast
illimitable desert. And I looked upon the characters of the
rock, and they were changed ;—and the characters were si-
lence.

“ And mine eyes fell upon the countenance of the man,
and his countenance was wan with terror. And, hurriedly,
he raised his head from his hand, and stood forth upon the
rock and listened. But there was no voice throughout the
vast illimitable desert, and the characters upon the rock
were silence. And the man shuddered, and turned his face
away, and fled afar off, in haste, so that I beheld him no
more.”

*********

Now there are fine tales in the volumes of the Magi—in
the iron-bound, melancholy volumes of the Magi. Therein, I
say, are glorious histories of the Heaven, and of the Earth,
and of the mighty sea—and of the Genii that over-ruled the
sea, and the earth, and the lofty heaven. There was much
lore too in the sayings which were said by the Sybils; and
holy, holy things were heard of old by the dim leaves that
trembled around Dodona—but, as Allah liveth, that fable
which the demon told me as he sat by my side in the shad-
ow of the tomb, I hold to be the most wonderful of all! And
as the Demon made an end of his story, he fell back within
the cavity of the tomb and laughed. And I could not laugh
with the Demon, and he cursed me because I could not
laugh. And the lynx which dwelleth forever in the tomb,
came out therefrom, and lay down at the feet of the Demon,
and looked at him steadily in the face.               edgar a. poe.

Critical Notices.

"Wiley and Putnam's Library of Choice Reading. No. XXI.

Genius and Character of Burns. By Professor Wilson.

That Professor Wilson is one of the most gifted and alto-
gether one of the most remarkable men of his day, few per-
sons will be weak enough to deny. His ideality—his en-
thusiastic appreciation of the beautiful, conjoined with a
temperament compelling him into action and expression, has
been the root of his preeminent success. Much of it, un-
doubtedly, must be referred to that so-called moral courage

which is but the consequence of the temperament in its phy-
sical elements. In a word, Professor Wilson is what he
is, because he possesses ideality, energy and audacity, each
in a very unusual degree. The first, almost unaided by the
two latter, has enabled him to produce much impression, as
a poet, upon the secondary or tertiary grades of the poetic
comprehension. His “ Isle of Palms” appeals effectively, to
all those poetic intellects in which the poetic predominates
greatly over the intellectual element. It is a composition
which delights through the glow of its imagination, but
which repels (comparatively of course) through the niaiseries
of its general conduct and construction. As a critic, Profes-
sor Wilson has derived, as might easily be supposed, the
greatest aid from the qualities for which we have given him
credit—and it is in criticism especially, that it becomes very
difficult to say which of these qualities has assisted him the
most. It is sheer audacity, however, to which, perhaps,
after all, he is the most particularly indebted. How little
he owes to intellectual pre-eminence and how much to the
mere overbearing impetuosity of his opinions, would be a
singular subject for speculation. Nevertheless it is true,
that this rash spirit of domination would have served, with-
out his rich ideality, but to hurry him into contempt. Be
this as it may, in the first requisite of a critic the Scotch Ar-
istarchus is grossly deficient. Of one who instructs we de-
mand, in the first instance, a certain knowledge of the prin-
ciples which regulate the instruction. Professor Wilson's
capability is limited to a keen appreciation of the beautiful
and fastidious sense of the deformed. Why or how either is
either, he never dreams of pretending to inquire, because he
sees clearly his own inability to comprehend. He is no ana-
lyst. He is ignorant of the machinery of his own thoughts
and the thoughts of other men. His criticism is emphatically
on the surface—superficial. His opinions are mere dicta—
unsupported verba magistri—and are just or unjust at the
variable taste of the individual who reads them. He per-
suades—he bewilders—he overwhelms—at times he even
argues—but there has been no period at which he ever de-
monstrated anything beyond his own utter incapacity for
demonstration.

His “ Genius and Character of Burns” will place Profess-
sor Wilson in a clear, but not (for him) in the most advan-
tageous light. We may glean from this book, however, a
very accurate conception, if not of Burns, at least of Christo-
pher North. His most usual tone of thought and turn of
expression, are here happily conveyed. To the lovers of
mere rhapsody we can recommend the volume as one likely
to interest them ; to those who seek, in good faith, a guide
to the real Burns—to the merits and demerits, literary and
personal—of a man whose merits at least have been more
grossly—more preposterously exaggerated (through a series
of purely adventitious circumstances) than those of any man
that ever lived upon the earth—to these seekers of the sim-
ple truth, we say, you will look for it in vain in this volume
by Christopher North.

Festus: a Poem by Philip James Bailey, Barrister at Law.

First American Edition. Boston : Benjamin P. Mussey.

For sale in New-York by Redfield & Co.

The poetical and critical world of England were, about
six years ago, violently agitated (in spots) by the eruption of
“Festus,” a Vesuvius-cone at least—if not an Ӕtna—in
the literary cosmos. It is only lately, however,—within the
last eight or nine months, perhaps,—that anything more
than a mere rumor of the eruption has made its way to us.

This is the more strange, since “Festus" is, beyond ques-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

137

tion, a poem of the most remarkable power, and since, in
general, we are ludicrously on the alert to catch the echoes
of the British opinion in respect to even the most nonsensical
books.

We shall speak of “Festus” hereafter, at length, as its
peculiarities deserve. At present, we have read it only in
snatches. In the meantime we may observe first, that its
author is, or was, at the period of its original publication, a
very young man, and secondly that his work has been laud-
ed in no stinted measure, by many of the best authorities in
Great Britain. Bulwer, for example, calls it “a most re-
markable and magnificent production.” Mrs. Hall says, “It
contains some of the most wonderful things I ever read.”
Horne, the author of “ Orion” (no common man and no com-
mon poem) speaks of its “unrepressed vigor of imagination”
—its “ splendor of great and original imagery”—its “ passion
of poetry.”

The design of “ Festus” may be stated, in brief, as the
demonstration of the necessity of Evil. We quote the con-
cluding Sonnet, which the poet affectedly calls “L’Envoi.”

Read this, world ! He who writes is dead to thee,

But still lives in these leaves. He spake inspired:

Night and day thought came unhelped, undesired,

Like blood to his heart. The course of study he
Went through with was the soul-rack. The degree
He took was high : it was wise wretchedness.

He suffered perfectly, and gained no less
A prize than in his own tom heart to see
A few bright seeds: he sowed them—hoped them truth.

The autumn of that seed is in these pages.

God was with him, and bade old Time to the youth
Unclench his heart, and teach the book of ages.

Peace to thee, world!—farewell!—May God the Power,

And God the Love—and God the Grace be ours !

This sonnet happily conveys much of the prevalent tone of
the whole poem—its imperiousness—its egotism—its energy
—its daring—its ruggedness—its contempt of law in great
things and small. Observe the defective rhyme in the con-
clusion—a straw to show the way of the wind.

Mr. Mussey is to be thanked for the very handsome and
substantial manner in which he has issued this American
edition.

Appleton's Literary Melange: a Series of Books for Popular

Reading. No. I. Gertrude ; a Tale. By the author of

“ Amy Herbert."	Edited by the Rev. W. Sewell, M.A.

New York : D. Appleton & Co.

The great success of Messrs. Wiley & Putnam’s “Library of
Choice Reading” has, we presume, stirred up the Mess. Ap-
pletons to the present laudable enterprise. We make an ex-
tract from their advertisement:

“ The publishers of the proposed “ Literary Melange,” believing
that there is still ample space for a uniform series of superior produc-
tions in the less erudite department of popular literature, which shall
fie distinctly characterized as combining amusement and instruction
With moral benefit, therefore have resolved to present to their friends
and the public, a miscellaneous library adapted for popular reading,
equally suited for the recreation of the scholar and the man of busi-
ness, after their more arduous toil has ended ; and to edify and en-
large the mind of their junior domestic associates. The limits of se-
lection will be uncircumscribed ; and the choice will be decided en-
tirely by the manifest excellence of the work, the importance of the
topics, or the proofs of genius and talent developed. The lite only
of those numerous tomes which are appropriate to the general design
will be incorporated in this miscellany.

“ Gertrude,” with which the series commences, is an inte-
resting, although by no means a “ powerful” story of ordina-
ry life. It inculcates the homely and domestic virtues—is
well written in every respect—and has been greatly praised

by the more decorous and influential of the British journals.

The neat manner in which the volume is issued, speaks
well for the success of the series.

Modem Cookery in all its branches : reduced to a system of
easy practice, for the use of Private Families. In a series of
Receipts which have been strictly tested, and are given with
the most minute exactness. By Eliza Acton. Illustrated
with Numerous Wood-Cuts. Etc. etc. etc. The whole
Revised and Prepared for American housekeepers, by Mrs.
S. J. Hale. From the Second London Edition. Philadel-
phia : Lea & Blanchard.

We give the full title as conveying the best possible idea
of the book. This title and the name of Mrs. Hall as editor
are all sufficient assurances of its excellence. It is an octavo
of more than 400 pages, well printed and handsomely bound.
The British critics speak of the work as the best of its kind.

The White Slave ; or The Russian Girl. By the author of
“ Revelations of Russia."   NewYork: Harper & Brothers.

This is No. 60 of the valuable " Library of Select Novels.”
It includes no less than 210 octavo pages, in fine type, and
double columns, and is sold for twenty-five cents. The story
exemplifies the cruelty and oppression of the Russian nobility,
and is profoundly interesting.

Harpers' Illuminated and New Pictorial Bible.

No. 38 is issued. Many of the smaller wood engravings
are of exquisite finish. See pp. 3, 3, 17, and 24. The work
in all departments, is an honor to the house which issues it.

Hunt's Merchant's Magazine, for September, opens with
an admirable paper by Henry Middleton, Jr., of S. C. on
“ The Government and the Currency.” It has also a very
interesting article (editorial, we presume) on “ The Steam-

Ship Great Britain.” “Copper-Smelting in the U. S.”--is

the title of a valuable treatise by Geo. Ditson, Vice Consul
of the U. S. at Nuevitas. There are numerous other contri-
butions of equal merit—for example on “ Indigo and the In-
digo Trade—on “Railroads East and West”—on the “Min-
eral Resources of Southern Missouri”—etc. etc. etc. 

“ The Merchant’s Magazine” is unquestionably the most
valuable journal of its kind in the world. Not its least im-
portant feature as concerns ourselves (the American people)
is its perfect nationality. Mr. Hunt is neither a Northern, a
Southern, an Eastern or a Western man. He is an inhabi-
tant of the United States—if you please, an Alleghanian.
He speaks to the whole people—and very effectively, be-
because usefully, to all.

The American Common-School Reader and Speaker: Being
a Selection of Pieces in Prose and Verse, with Rules for
Reading and Speaking. By John Goldsbury, A. M., Com-
piler of the “ Common-Schoo Grammar,” etc. etc., and
William Russell, author of “ Lessons in Enunciation,"  etc.
etc. Boston: Charles Tappan.

This very excellent work, which attracted so much attention
at the time of its issue, and which is really unsurpassed
as a text-book on Elocution, is for sale, in New-York, at the
Boston-book-store of Messrs. Saxton & Huntingdon, 295
Broadway.

The True Child. By Mrs. E. Oakes Smith, Author of
“ Riches without Wings." “ The Sinless Child," &c. &c.
Boston : Saxton & Kelt.

A truly interesting, graceful and useful little book, by one of
the most gifted and accomplished of American poetesses.

 The Preface is, in its way, a model of good writing, and this

138

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

is saying a great deal—for Prefaces are difficult things, not to
write—but to write well. For sale by Messrs. Saxton &
Huntington, 295 Broadway.

The Oracles of Shakspeare ; with a Selection of Aphorisms
from the Same Author. By Robert Hamilton. Boston :
Saxton & Kelt.

This is a very ingenious and beautiful game, to enliven a
winter’s evening: It is very creditable to Mr. Hamilton’s
taste and talent. For sale by Messrs. Saxton & Huntington,
as above.

The Devotional Family Bible, by the Rev. Alexander Fletcher,
A. M. Containing the Old and New Testaments, with Ex-
planatory Notes, Practical Observations, Copious Marginal
References, etc. Every Part embellished with a highly
finished Engraving on Steel. Including views of the
Principal Places mentioned in Scripture, from Drawings
taken on the Spot. New-York: R. Martin & Co.

We have received No. 8 of this very beautiful Bible at too
late a date to do more than announce its reception, and to say
that the engraving with which it opens, is magnificent. The
type is rather larger than in the Harpers’ work. The paper
is superb.

The Knickerbocker for September, has a remarkably
pleasant appearance, and abounds in good things; which no
one can better supply than its editor—when he feels “in the
vein.” We notice especially, among the contributed papers,
some very sweet “ Lines to my Wife” by one of our finest
poets, Albert Pike ; “ The Dead Man’s Sermon” by Pequot,
(whoever is Pequot) and a “Glimpse into Fairy Land” by
Miss S. M. Partridge. We venture to quote “ The Fountain
of Youth” by Mrs. Mary E. Hewitt.

’Tis said of old a fountain lay
Hid in the forest, faraway ;

A magic fount it was, in sooth,

Where he who stooped above the brink,

And laved his brow, and bent to drink,

Though he were bowed with years before,

The semblance of unchanging youth
Thenceforth would wear forevermore.

But he alone hath reached the goal,

Who, turning from the world aside,

’Mid the green places of the soul,

Hath sought the pure, life-giving tide
That wells with faith, and love and truth,

The fountain of perpetual youth.

The Drama.

Park Theatre.—We attended this establishment on
Saturday evening to witness the first appearance (in Ameri-
ca) of Mrs. Eland in the character of Pauline, in Bulwer’s
popular play “ The Lady of Lyons.”

Before remarking upon the lady's performance, we cannot
but make a few observations upon the circumstances of her 
first appearance. It would be impossible to select, through- 
out the entire year, an evening so entirely disadvantageous,
as the one chosen for Mrs. Bland’s debut. In the first
place, Saturday night, even upon ordinary occasions, is con-
fessedly the worst night of the week ; but Saturday night 
after a star engagement is but another term for empty bench-
es. Mr. Hackett had been playing all the week up to Friday,
and the Keans had been announced for several days to ap-
pear on the following Monday. Could circumstances have
been contrived more calculated to damn for ever the first ef-
forts of a lady in a new country ? We cannot believe that
the selection of the night was intended as a slight to Mrs,
Bland, because it would be against the interests of the Man-
ager, who would, one would think, take every opportunity of

ager, who would, one would think, take every opportunity
of placing the principal members of his establishment, in as
prominent and favorable a position as possible. We have
thought of every likely motive for such injurious and un-
fair conduct, and the only conclusion we will arrive at is,
that the strongest attraction which could be procured with
the least possible trouble, and without reference to the injury
likely to be sustained by the said attractor, was put forward
—or rather backward—on the worst possible night. We re-
gret this for the sake of the Lady—we regret it for the sake
of the Manager, and we regret it also, for the sake of the
Public, who have been deprived, for a time, of witnessing a
performance of the highest merit. We trust that Mr. Simp-
son will afford us an early opportunity of seeing Mrs. Bland
in some of her most prominent characters. The Lady of
Lyons has been represented so frequently of late, that we are
surprised to find that an audience can be collected to wit-
ness it.

The character of Pauline is easily defined, and though but
rarely represented as the author designed, is still a creation
consistent throughout. Her one great capacity is—Love:
deep, earnest and devoted love. Before this great principle
of her life has been developed, pride which is not native to
her mind, has been engrafted there, but harmonizes not at
all with the confiding nature of her true woman’s heart.
This pride has been severely shocked at the knowledge that
a peasant has dared to raise his hopes to her ; but it is sooth-
ed, comforted and excited, by the homage of a Prince’s heart.
When in the first flush of her almost unimagined happiness
the fatal truth breaks in upon her—that she has been deceiv-
ed—duped—exposed to the mockery and contempt of the
whole city, this pride, in a great struggle with her humble
nature, seems for a time to gain the mastery, when with
bitter scorn she asks her deceiver if this is his palace, &c.,
&c.; but this passes quickly away, yielding imperceptibly
to the finer emotions of her soul, until it sinks forever beneath
the power of her devoted love. This we think reconciles the
seeming inconsistencies in her character ; such, for instance
as yielding her hand to Beauseant while her heart is truly
and only Melnotte’s: for how could one of her wholesouled-
ness refuse to sacrifice herself to save the honor of the au-
thor of her being, who, to use her own sentiments—“ refus-
ed her nothing, and never spoke a harsh or unkind word.”*
Mrs. Bland’s conception of the character was entirely na-
tural from the beginning to end. There was no straining
after effect—no points forced from their natural insignificance
to produce a momentary sensation,—all was as inartificial as
though the action were real, and she the thing she seemed.
Her interview with Claude in the third act when the fraud
is discovered, and the bitter scorn mingled with the hysteri-
cal laugh—the momentary triumph of pride over a yielding
nature, was a perfect masterpiece of art, and electrical in its
effects from its direct truthfulness. In the fourth and fifth
acts she was equally successful, carrying the audience com-
pletely with her, and inducing a unanimous and vociferous
call for her re-appearance at the fall of the curtain.

Mrs. Bland has fine natural advantages—a well propor-
tioned and commanding figure—a truly intellectual face, ca-
pable of every variety of expression—a voice of rare quality,
well educated, and an easy and graceful carriage. All these
are used to admirable advantage through the perfect knowl-
edge which Mrs. Bland possesses of by-play—stage tact, &c.

*For these comments on the performances at the Park we are in-
debted to our musical editor. We do not agree with him at all points.
In especial, we see no necessity for reconciling the inconsistencies of
Pauline.—Ed. B. J.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

139

Mr. Dyott was the Claude of the evening. It is an ardu-
ous task to undertake even an easy character, after a success-
ful and highly popular actor has made the part his own; but
in the present instance Mr. Dyott had to contend with a diffi-
cult character, and against the extraordinary impression
made by Mr. Anderson in the same role, upon the New York
public. Bearing these facts in mind, we feared for him.
The fear was, however, needless, for he acquitted himself
with much credit. He read the part, throughout, correctly,
and in many passages imparted much emphasis and passion
to his delivery. But it was evident to us that the part had
not been duly studied—the points had not been weighed and
settled in his mind—there were frequent evidences of haste
both in his action and delivery, and in speaking, the inflec-
tions of the voice so necessary to produce effective contrasts,
were but little attended to, when most they were needed.
These faults would hardly have appeared, had Mr. Dyott
been afforded more time to digest the character: such at
least is our opinion founded upon the general excellence of
his personation.

Mrs. Vernon played the aristocratic and low-born woman
in her usual excellent style, excepting that in one or two
portions, especially in the third act, her manner bordered
rather upon the caricature.

Mr. Bass is an admirable actor, and imparted much blunt
dignity to the character of Damas. The accident which has
deprived him, for the present, of the use of his right arm,
has also prevented a full display of his powers.

Mr. Fleming is a careful reader and a good actor, and if
he would impart more vigor to his manner, and strive to ap-
pear less mysterious, his style would be improved and he
would stand a fair chance of becoming a distinguished fa-
vorite.

Mr. and Mrs. Charles Kean appeared at the Park. They
made their debut in the Gamester. The house was crowded
to excess, and as the management does not set apart any ac-
commodation for the prominent members of the public press,
we were unwilling to endure the crowding of a thousand in-
furiated (theatrically) people ; consequently we can give no
notice of the performance. Their success was, however,
complete. Mrs. Kean was deeply affected by the cordial and
enthusiastic reception she met with. She deserves it all.

The English opera company succeed the Keans in a couple
of weeks, and the opera chosen for their appearance is the
English version of the Sonnambula. It is old—very old:
hackneyed, very hackneyed, and has become to the moderns
what the Artaxerxes of Arne was to the singers of twenty
years ago—namely, a trial opera. The system of appearing
in old operas, is, however, judicious: for if a debutante
should appear in a new, but unsuccessful work, the chances
are that the failure of one would involve the failure of both.

Miss Delcy, will, we think, become a favorite in America,
for she is young, showy and attractive in her manner, be-
sides being a singer of no ordinary merit.

We gladly avail ourselves of the author’s permission to
occupy, this week, some portion of our usual space under the
head of “ The Drama," with an extract from a forthcoming
Work—“ The Stage, or Sketches of Dramatic Art," By Jas.
E. Murdoch.

The Author’s Connection with the Stage.—All I wish,
as one naturally anxious for the success and the respectabi-
lity of my own profession, is to suggest the immense advan-
tages resulting to every player from a just ambition in his

daily pursuit; and as one who have identified myself with
the success of the drama in our country, I feel impelled to
speak on a subject so intimately connected with its advance-
ment. Of my own attainments, I have nothing to boast.
Commencing life prematurely, like many others fascinated
by the stage in youth, the daily toils of an arduous profes-
sional life have left me little leisure for study ; and although
I had hoped to find, during the lime in which I temporarily
relinquished the stage, an auspicious opportunity of self-cul-
ture, in the pursuits of an elocutionist, the taste for the ac-
complishments of reading and speaking I found not yet suffi-
ciently diffused in the community, to furnish either the lei-
sure or the compensation requisite for the enjoyment of a
liberal scale of intellectual advantages, in connection with
that mode of life.

The Author’s Experience as an Elocutionist.—So little,
indeed, is the art of elocution yet appreciated, that, as a pro-
fession, it is still more precarious and inadequate in its remu-
 merations than even the stage, which is proverbially so ; the
 greatest and the most original treatise on the subject (a
work in which its author, Dr. James Rush, reflects honor on
his country,) is little read and less understood; and my own
humble attempt to render elocution a permanent branch of
education, even in the intelligent city of Boston,—although
I was aided in my endeavors by the exertions of a gentleman
long known as a practical rhetorician as well as elocutionist,

 —was not sustained; nor was the expensive undertaking
 countenanced, in which I endeavored to combine,—in an ap-
propriate course of education embracing ample and eligible
opportunities for the purpose,—the cultivation of the voice
with a regular system of physical exercise.*

The Author’s Return to the Stage.—The idea, there-
fore, of obtaining an adequate income, or of enjoying leisure
for self-culture, in such circumstances, proved impracticable.
Still, during the few years in which I withdrew from the
stage, every moment that could be seized for such purposes
I have endeavored to turn to account; and, whatever verdict
may be pronounced on my future professional efforts, I shall
never regret the results of a temporary change of pursuit,
which has enabled me to look, at least, a little more closely
into our dramatic literature, and to acquire juster views of
its depth and extent, together with a deeper and more intel-
ligent relish of its beauties.

Of one thing more I can speak distinctly, from my present
point of view: and it is in this light that I hope to be under-
stood. The more an actor devotes himself to the collateral
studies of his profession, the more clearly will he see how
high and noble are its objects, and how fully it is entitled to
the best exertions of a life, as the merited price of success in

* The above topics I cannot pass without an expression of acknow-
ledgment to two individuals:—Mr. William Russell, the rhetorician
above referred to, for invaluable aid in my course of personal study
with him—and Mr. N. Houghton, whose regard for subjects beyond
the mere range of mercantile life, and whose liberal and philanthropic
spirit, enabled me to offer to the citizens of Boston the opportunity of
a superior establishment for physical and elocutionary education. Mr.
H.’s interest in these subjects, and others of a kindred nature, has, in
this, as in many other instances, evinced the benefits resulting to a
 community from the generous spirit of individuals in private life, who
contribute the most effectual of all aids to the mental welfare of their
fellow-citizens, by imparting the requisite means of establishing and
maintaining institutions devoted to the culture and improvement of
 humanity.

To several eminent members, both of the medical and clerical pro-
fessions, who gave their sanction to my endeavors to aid the depart,
ment of physical education, I feel under peculiar obligations, as well
as to Mr. Abbott Lawrence, Mr. George S. Hillard, Mr. Peleg W.
Chandler, and other individuals, who, as parents, or as patrons of in-
 tellectual objects, exerted themselves on behalf of my purposes. I
cannot but hope that it may fall to some other person than myself to
establish and maintain the systematic cultivation of the voice, as an
 acknowledged branch of education.

140

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

its pursuit. I shall not, I think, incur the imputation of cant,
when I declare my own conviction, that acting, as the living
presentation of poetry, of sentiment, and of character, is one
of the most elevated and beneficial occupations to which a
man can devote himself. Invited by a peculiar combination
of circumstances, I have resumed the stage as my vocation,
and shall esteem myself happy to contribute the imperfect
but zealous exertions of an individual, to promote its purpo-
ses, whether within the limits of my own profession, or in
general society.

Depression or the Theatre in America.—The drama of
our own country has usually been imported; and, with its
uses, we have received its abuses.

We claim Shakspeare as our birthright, and honor him
with enthusiastic admiration ; but when our transatlantic
brethren neglect him, to follow in golden multitudes at the
heels of a French dancer, the signal is taken here. The star
of Shakspeare wanes, and the genius of Terpsichore reigns
sovereign of the ascendant.

The taste for the drama subsided for a time, while French
dancing, in all the voluptuousness of the Parisian style,
usurped its place. Giants, monsters, posture-masters, and 
the games of the circus, with other equally intellectual exhi-
bitions, have occupied the theatre; while the neglected
drama was brought to their degraded level, and made to
bear the odium of those who disgrace its name and desecrate
its temple.

That the theatre has declined within the last few years,
no one can deny; and why is this? Simply because the
age is before it. Moral reform is the order of the day; and
the enemies of the stage have attacked it upon the ground
that it encourages immorality. Portions of the theatre are
set apart for the public exhibition of the most abandoned of
the human race, while the passions are excited by the sale of
spirituous liquors. Has either of these objectionable facts
any legitimate connection with the stage or the drama ? Pub-
lic sentiment answers No! Then let these abuses be abo-
lished ! That they have been so long in existence, is no rea-
son for their continuance. No longer let the pure atmos-
phere of intellectual recreation be contaminated by grossness
and debauchery; but drive them out, to seek their congenial
sphere.

Prejudices against the theatre have been yearly gaining
ground from these causes, and many of the best friends of
the drama have been driven from the theatre. Let the ban-
ner of reform be raised, and the public will flock to the stan-
dard. Let the abuses of the theatre be removed, and the
spirit of the drama will shine forth with increased brightness.

Let men of cultivated intellect assert their right to enjoy
in its purity their favorite recreation. Let them enforce their
just claim in this respect. Let them diffuse the influence of
their own taste around them by proper appeals to general
feeling. Let all who are connected with the press, espe-
cially, discharge the duty which, in this relation, they owe
to the community, as the organs of public sentiment, and the
just guardians of its purity.

The reforms to which I allude have been attempted and
carried out, with at least temporary success, in all cases in
which due energy and perseverance have been displayed.
For my own part, I entertain no doubt that, in a short time,
the reformation will be universal and permanent. The pre-
sent is a most auspicious moment for action. We see, in all
our large cities, an incipient renovation and resuscitation of
the theatre, and the most cheering indications of its prospe-
rity. Now is the happy moment to stamp a new character 
on every department of dramatic affairs.

The following statement evinces that the public, as well
as the manager, has a part to perform in every effectual reno-
vation of the theatre.

Mr. Macready entered upon a lease of Drury Lane theatre,
in the fall of 1841, and issued a prospectus dated October 4,
in which this passage occurs :—

The purposes to which the saloons and lobbies of London theatres
have been too frequently appropriated, have seemed to justify objec-
tions to dramatic entertainments, and have become a national reproach
among the well-informed of other countries. This cause of complaint
will not be suffered to exist in Drury Lane theatre. Arrangements
will be made and regulations enforced, not only to secure the respect-
able frequenters of the theatre from annoyance during the perform-
ance, but to restore to them an agreeable walk for promenading and
refreshment, without danger of offence to propriety or delicacy.

This was carried out to the letter. In June, 1842, a scur-
rilous article on Macready and his management, appeared in
the “ Weekly Despatch,” alleging among other things the
failure of his plan for clearing the lobbies,—that the price
admitted any well-dressed woman, of whatever character, to
the side of the respectable ladies whom Macready had drawn
into the lobbies ; in fine, that “ Mr. M. ought to be ashamed
of himself for attempting to raise money by destroying the
demarcations between the unsullied and the most polluted of
the sex.” Macready instituted a libel suit against the pro-
prietors of the paper, and the jury found for the plaintiff five
pounds damages.

Mr. Macready closed his management of Drury Lane in
June, 1843. In his concluding address, he makes no mention
of his reform of the lobbies—unless it is implied in this de-
claration :

In conclusion let me merely add, that I have endeavored to re-
deem, throughout my management, every pledge of my introductory
address.

The admission of improper persons at theatres, as at other
places of public resort, would, if the proposed arrangement
were adopted, be left to the responsibility of the gentleman
who accompanied any female, and by that fact endorsed her
respectability.

The Bowery is not doing quite so well as in the beginning.
A new spectacle, however, is in preparation.

We stepped in at The Chatham on Monday night to see
Booth in Pescara and Jerry Sneak. How The Apostate
maintains its place on the stage, is inconceivable. It has not
a single redeeming feature—at least if the Chatham Street
representation of it is a fair one. Mr. Booth did not impress
us at all—except in the distinctness of his enunciation and
his general ease and freedom from rant. He has a sad man-
nerism—that of putting his hands to his ears upon all occa-
sions. His Jerry Sneak is a pitiable spectacle.

Musical Department.

Oratorio of the Seven Sleepers.—We promised our readers
last week some account of this grand Composition, which is
to be represented at the Tabernacle, early in this month, in
a style commensurate with its worth.

The following are the characters in the Oratorio

Antipater, Proconsul at Ephesus   Tenor.

Honoria, his wife.................Soprano.

Martinus, Bishop at Ephesus -	Basso.

Malchus,	Soprano.

Serapion,                                                     Soprano.

Johannes,      Seven Brothers, sons     Alto.

Constanstine,	Tenor.

Dionysius,	of Anicianus.     Tenor.

Marcianus,	 Basso.

Maximianus,	Basso.

Chorus of Shepherds—Chorus of Priests—Chorus of Warriors—Chorus of The
Ephesian People.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL

142

During the persecution of the Christians by the Emperor
Decius, the Seven Brothers, sons of Anicianus, fled away
from Ephesus, and took refuge in a Cave upon Mount Celion.
Their place of refuge was, however, discovered, and, by or-
der of the tyrant, the mouth of the Cave was closed up with
massive stone.

The scene of action is first on Mount Celion; then in
Ephesus, and lastly on Mount Celion. The time is during the
reign of the Emperor Theodosius.

The first scene discovers the Proconsul Antipater, and
Honoria his wife, upon Mount Celion, directing the Shepherds
who are employed in opening the mouth of the Cave of the 
Seven Sleepers. While thus engaged Antipater relates
the persecution of the brothers, and of Anicianus who was
his (Antipater’s) ancestor. When the work is finished the
characters go out, to join at Ephesus the grand procession of
Priests and Warriors appointed to proceed to the Cave, to
disinter the Martyrs’ bones and carry them in honor to the
city.

When the Cave is opened, a slow chorale is heard and one
by one the Brothers come from within. Like Rip Van
Winkle they awoke unconscious of the lapse of years—two
centuries appearing unto them, but as the passage of a sin-
gle night. They return thanks to heaven for their wonderful
preservation from the persecuting Decius. Malchus the
youngest brother, offers to go to the city, in order to procure
food. He arrives there just as the High Priest is blessing the
Standards of the Warriors who are going forth to fight the
Persians. He stares around him in wild amazement at the
altered appearance of the city—the strange dresses attract
his eye—the language seems new to him, and the emblems
of the cross on every side, overwhelm him with astonish-
ment. The people mistake him for a Persian Spy, and
watch him. He enters a baker’s shop and offers a gold solidus
for bread. This confirms them in their suspicions and they
seize him and bear him before Antipater. His simple tale
is quickly told, and bears so much the stamp of truth that
the Proconsul believes it, and the people rush with feverish
impatience to behold the wonder on Mount Celion. They
arrive and do honor to the Saints whom heaven has so mira-
culously preserved through ages of time. Honoria entreats
them to leave the Cave and revisit their home in Ephesus;
but Johannes thus replies;—

God be with you ; but we are not permitted
To return and tread our halls again ;

Here is our repose, in holy quiet,

Till the dead are summoned from their graves.

For the Lord's good spirit has revealed it;—

As an emblem are we sent to you,

Of that morning, when, by him awakened,

All our race from darksome graves shall rise.

Sleep again appears to be stealing over the senses of the
Seven Brothers—they utter with one voice

Now with strokes of unseen wings, approaching
Sleep is fanning us yet once again.

They fall asleep, and are borne into the Sacred Cavern, by
the awe-stricken and wondering people.

Such is the plot of the Oratorio; a finer subject could
scarcely have been selected. It is full of deep and thrilling
interest, and abounds with highly wrought dramatic situa-
tion. The Music is of a high character; it displays many
passages which could scarcely be excelled. It is melodious,
partaking in a large degree of the exquisite peculiarities of
Haydn’s school—Dr. Loewe being, we believe, a pupil of
that great Master.

We have not a doubt of the popularity of the Seven
Sleepers, for the subject affords ample scope for striking

contrasts, and the Composer has availed himself of these ad-
vantages to their uttermost limits.

We have not, as yet, seen an announcement of the names
of the principal performers; we shall probably receive them
for our next number. The chorus will number over one
hundred and twenty-five efficient members; the band will
be numerous and carefully selected. Mr. George Loder will
conduct the whole, and Mr. H. C. Timm will be at the
Organ.

We trust that our readers in the city will support, with all
their interest, this praise-worthy attempt to produce a fine
 Composition, upon a scale of excellence hitherto unattained
in this country.

The French Opera at Niblo’s continues to be highly suc-
cessful. Nothing new has, as yet, been produced ; but Ma-
niello and Les Huguenots continue to prove sufficient to
attract crowded audiences. Several novelties are in prepar-
ation. Among others La Reine de Cypre is in a forward
state of preparation.

We are strong in the hope that the Manager, Mr. Davis,
will find it for his interest to remain with us during the
winter months. We feel certain that he would meet with
support altogether beyond his expectations, if he bases them
upon the result of the recent season at the Park Theatre.
The intelligence of New York requires such an establish-
ment, and the musical taste is sufficiently influential and ex-
tended to support it amply. The present company has gain-
ed the respect of every one. The public is not pestered, an-
noyed and disgusted by petty bickerings, grand quarrels,
newspaper warfare, as in the case of the last Italian com-
pany at Palmo’s; but on the contrary everything is peace-
ful, well arranged—in short it is a family party showing
only its amiable and attractive side to the public.

If it were known that Mr. Davis could remain here with
his company during the winter, there would be no lack of
the right class of people to ensure his success. We want
to hear Gustclave, Lestocq, La Lac des Fees, Zampa, Pre aux
Clercs, L’Edair, and other charming French works, and we
look to the company at present here as the only means of
gaining our wish.

Editorial Miscellany.

Advertisements, this week, have trenched rather more
than we could wish upon our space for literary matter. For
this very “ flattering ill” however, we shall speedily find
a remedy in the enlargement of our “Journal” by one half.
We propose to give, very shortly, new type and eight addi-
tional pages.

Bolles’ Phonographic Dictionary has “controvertible”
and not—“ controvertibility”—“ self-conceited” and not “ self-
conceitedly"—“worldly-minded ” and not “worldly-minded-
ly.” Are these omissions intentional ? We presume not.

 Some of its definitions are inaccurate, if not odd—whether
these are adopted from other works, we have not leisure to
ascertain. For example; “jealousy” is defined as “suspi-
cion in love”—but is it not rather the passion aroused by sus-
picion in love? “Museum” is defined “a collection of
learned curiosities”—but neither Tom Thumb, nor the Ana-
conda are particularly “learned.” A printer is said to be
“one who prints books;” then one who merely prints hand-
bills is no printer at all. A regicide is described as a “ n-ur-
derer of one's king”—and yet the murderer of anybody’s king
 is still a regicide.

143

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

In a Dictionary, if anywhere, we look for rigorous accuracy
of definition. We are not finding fault with Mr. Bolles’
work in especial. He is no worse than his predecessors.

The subjoined jeu d'esprit has been “going the rounds
of the papers” for some time, and we had intended to copy it
before—but in some manner it escaped us. The editorial
prefix (very generally published with it) is that of “ The
Morning News”—with which paper we thoroughly agree as
to the cleverness of the verses.

THE RETORT.

The Rev. Arthur Coxe’s Saul, a Mystery, having been condemned
in no measured terms by Poe of the Broadway Journal, and Green of
the Emporium, a writer in the Hartford Columbian retorts as follows,
which strikes us as being very clever:

A REVERSAL.

An entertaining history
Entitled “ Saul a mystery,”

Has recently been published by the Rev. Arthur Coxe.

The poem is dramatic,

And the wit of it is attic,

And its teachings are emphatic of the doctrines orthodox.

But Mr. Poe, the poet,

Declares he cannot go it—

That the book is very stupid—or something of that sort:

And Green of the Empori
Um, tells a kindred story,

And “ swears like any tory” that it isn’t worth a groat.

But maugre all their croaking,

Of the “ raven”—and the joking

Of the verdant little fellow of the used to be review,

The People, in derision
Of their impudent decision,

Have declared without division, that the“ Mystery will do.”

The truth, of course, rather injures an epigram than other-
wise ; and nobody will think the worse of the one above
when we say that we have expressed no opinion whatever
of “ Saul.” Give a dog a bad name, &c. Whenever a book
is abused, it is taken for granted that it is we who have been
abusing it. Mr. Coxe has written some very beautiful po-
ems, and “Saul” may be one of them for anything that we
know to the contrary. As yet we have not found time to
read the poem —which, to say the truth, is an unconscionably
long one.

Mr. J. S. Redfield, of this city, has in press “The Prose
and Poetical Works of N. P. Willis”—complete in one large
volume, octavo. The Harpers have nearly ready a beautiful
octavo entitled “ Biographical and Critical Miscellanies, by
William H. Prescott.” It will be uniform with the “ Ferdi-
nand and Isabella.” The Contents are Charles Brockden
Brown, the Novelist; Asylum for the Blind ; Irving’s “ Con-
quest of Granada;" Cervantes; Sir Waller Scott; Chateau-
briand's English Literature ; Bancroft’s United States ; Mad.
Calderou’s Life in Mexico; Moliere; Italian Imaginative
Poetry ; Scottish Song; Da Ponte’s Observations ; Poetry and
Romance of the Italians, &c. The same publishers will soon
issue General Green’s “ Journal of the Texian Expedition
aganst Mier," &c., with 13 illustrations.

Messrs. Wiley & Putnam have a variety of works in pre-
paration. The “Library of Choice Reading,” and “The
Library of American Books" have met with the most une-
quivocal success, and have induced various imitations. In
the latter series will soon be issued “The Wigwam and
The Cabin” by Simms the novelist—who is now in town.
Mess. W. and P. have just published a new edition of “Nor-
ton’s Astronomy.”

Samuel Coleman, of Boston, announces “ The Flower Al-

phabet” by Mrs. Frances S. Osgood, in which each letter of
the alphabet is illustrated with a verse, and a flower print-
ed in gold and colors:—also “The Floral Year,” an entire-
ly original work in verse by “ one of our poetesses.” This
book will have eight bouquets, forming excellent studies.

A “ History of New Netherland, or New York under the
Dutch,” by E. B. O’Callaghan, is nearly ready.

John P. Jewett & Co., of Salem, have in press “ The Le-
gal Rights, Liabilities and Duties of Women.” By Edward
D. Mansfield, A. M.

“ Puritanism, or a Churchman’s Defence against its Asper-
sions,” by Dr. Coitt, will soon appear.

The publication of Dr. Rufus W. Griswold’s “Prose Au-
thors of America” is postponed for the present—probably un-
til next year.

William Wallace, author of the fine poem “ The Gods of
Old” is getting out a collection of his poems.

“ The New York Illustrated Magazine,” a weekly publi-
cation edited by Lawrence Labree, is announced as forth-
coming—the first number on the 20th Sept. It is to have
steel and wood engravings.

Dr. Bush’s work on the Resurrection is highly successful.

[From Appleton’s Bulletin.] A new edition of the “Phi-
losophy of the Plan of Salvation,” with an introductory Essay
by Prof. Stow, of Lane Seminary, has attracted considerable
attention in this country and in England.

Ollendorff’s New Method of Learning to Read, Write, and
Speak the German language, has had an extensive circula-
tion in England, and its demand in this country also has con-
stantly been increasing of late. Nor is its popularity unde-
served : for it supplies a deficiency which has been long and
deeply felt by all those who have engaged in either teaching
or learning the German. Though the richness, flexibility and
beauty of the language itself have fully sustained its claim of
superiority, and though the numberless works in Philology,
History, Physics, Chemistry, and in every possible depart-
ment of Science and Art, with which Germany is constantly
teeming, have long since made the knowledge of the lan
guage an indispensable accomplishment of every scholar, yet
it is strange to say that the want of the necessity facilities
has chilled the ardor of many in their attempt of acquiring it.
The best German Grammar on the old plan has unquestiona-
bly been that of Becker (London, 1830).

To Correspondents.—“ Hope" is on file, mil our friend L. I. C.
of Cincinnati, be so kind as to mail us the Cincinnati Gazette of the
29th ult ? “ Blanche" in our next. “ The Village Street" in our
next.

CARD OF REMOVAL. — Mr. W. A. KING, Pro-

fessor of Music and Teacher of the Piano Forte and Organ, has
Removed to the First House above Twenty-Fifth Street on the Rail-
Road (4th Avenue.)

MARTIN’S

ILLUSTRATED FAMILY BIBLE,

PART VIII.

Published this Day, Sept. 8,

Price Twenty-Five Cents.

CONTAINING a magnificent Engraving of the "Ar-
rival of Rebecca.” The notes by the Rev. A. Fletcher, D.D., are
practical and devotional, and possess the rare quality of containing
much in few words; the publication, as a work of art, has no equal ;
and the fast increasing sale is a proof that its merits are appreciated.
Those who have not already subscribed are reminded, that a work
embellished with Steel Engravings, the value consists in obtaining
proof impressions, therefore early subscribers will have a decided ad-
vantage.	R. MARTIN & CO. 26 John Street.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

142

A CARD.

WM. A. KING, PROFESSOR of the PIANO-

FORTE, ORGAN, &c. has removed to No. 22 Bank street,
where his terms for giving instruction can be ascertained. my17

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER.—JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near Elm. A

Large Stock of the finest instruments always on hand. Terms mode-
rate. FOR SALE—A Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be sold at a
great bargain for cash.

PIANO FORTES.—V. F. HARRISON, 23 Canal

Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improvements, such as Iron
Frames, &c., with a compass of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made
from choice materials, and highly finished, with the most faithful
workmanship, the result of 23 years experience in the busines
N. B. Wanted, a second-hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes on hire by the month.

PIANO FORTES.—JOHN PETHICK, (formerly

Mundy & Pethick,) invites the attention of the musical public to
the elegant and varied assortment he now has at his Old Establish-
ment, corner of Cottage Place and Bleecker street, which he will sell
at prices unusually low.

J. P. having been actively engaged in the business for the last twen-
ty years, and, for a large portion of that time manufacturing for two
of the largest Music Stores in the city, feels warranted in saying that
his instruments will bear a favorable comparison with those of the
best makers in this country or Europe, and that they contain all the
real improvements of the day.

Second hand Pianos Bought, Sold and Exchanged, also Tuned and
Repaired.

New York, April 23d, 1845.

PIANO FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

(formerly Conductor to Dubois & Stodart), No. 385 Broadway,
will keep a complete assortment of the latest approved Grand Action
Piano Fortes, of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared to
guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch, and External Finish,
and to endure in any climate. A liberal discount from the standard
prices. Piano Fortes Tuned and Repaired. Piano Fortes always on
hire.

THE BŒHM FLUTE.

PHILIP ERNST, Teacher of the Flute and Gui

tar , would inform the lovers of Music that he has now for sale
several of the above celebrated instruments, constructed in every re-
spect in accordance with those now in use at the Paris and London
Royal Academies. To be seen at PHILIP ERNST’S Music Saloon,
395 Broadway, near Walker.

MUSIC.

A Rare Opportunity of Acquiring a Thorough Musical Education.

G. H. DERWORT, Professor of Singing, Guitar and

Piano Forte, has opened a class for Young Ladies, from 7 to 10
years of age, among whom are three of his own daughters, whom he
proposes to thoroughly instruct in the art of Singing.

Mr. Derwort’s system is the result of many years’ observation and
experience, during which he has successfully taught in Germany, Lon-
don, and New York. His method cannot fail to impart to his pupils
a clear perception, and a thorough knowledge of the grammatical
principles of music, with the ability to harmonize any simple given
melody.

Parents and Guardians are invited to call at his Rooms, 427 Broad-
way, when every inquiry will be answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in advance. Lessons
three times a week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

THIS DAY IS PUBLISHED,

VERSE AND PROSE, by Thomas Hood—Part 1,

forming No. 16 of the Library or Choice Reading, beautifully
printed Price 50 cents.

“ Of all the humorists, Hood was the most poetical. When deal-
ing with the most familiar subjects, whether it might be a sweep be-
wailing the suppression of his cry, or a mother searching through St.
Giles’s for her lost infant, or a Miss Kilmansegg’s golden childhood—
there was hardly a verse in which some touches of heart, or some play
of fancy, did not beckon the laughing reader away into far other
worlds than the jester’s.”—London Athenaum.

“ The smile and the sigh were ever blended together: the laugh at
the grotesque idea and whimsical imagination, (rarely seeing objects
as others saw them,) and the tear which must now on such pathetic
narratives as Eugene Aram or the Old Elm Tree. Without a parallel
and original as Hood was in the ludicrous, his more enduring fame
will rest on the exquisitely humane and simply compassionate.”—Lite-
rary Gazette.

“ He was the inventer of a new sort of guano to fertilize men’s
minds, and to make them produce larger crops of good actions: or rath-
er it was an intellectual compost that he invented, and the materials
of which were satire softened by kindness, and ridicule tempered with 
good feeling.”—Hood's Magazine for June. Published and for sale
by	WILEY & PUTNAM, 161 Broadway. 

POPULAR LITERARY NOVELTIES,

RECENTLY ISSUED BY

HARPER AND BROTHERS,

NEW YORK.

1.

MISS BEECHER’S DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

A Treatise on Domestic Economy, for the Use of young Ladies at
Home and at School. By Catherine E. Beecher. Revised Edition,
with many Engravings. 12mo. 75 cents.

" A volume of especial value to the domestic circle, comprising a
large amount of important instruction respecting the duties of do-
mestic life and the educational training of females.”—Courier.

II.

THE DUTY OF AMERICAN WOMEN TO
THEIR COUNTRY.

1 vol. I8mo. 37 1/2 cents.

 This appeal might well be in the hands of every female in the
land ; its design is to aid in the correction of abuses in several depart-
ments of popular education. We therefore commend the volume to
the especial notice of our readers.—Commercial Advertiser.

III.

HUMBOLDT’S COSMOS.

Cosmos: a Survey of the general Physical History of the Universe.
By Alexander Von Humboldt. (Publishing in Numbers.)

 “A renowned production, by the greatest of scientific writers.”—
 Courier.

IV.

DR. ABERCROMBIE’S NEW ESSAYS.

Miscellaneous Essays. By John Abercrombie, M. D., author of “ In-
quiries into the Intellectual Powers,” &c. 1 vol. 18mo. 50 cents.

“ These essays will be read with pleasure and profit by all who will
 read them.”—Anglo-American.

V.

PRAISE AND PRINCIPLE;

or, For what shall I Live ? By the Author of “ Conquest and Self-
Conquest.” 1vol. 18mo. 37 1/2 cents.

The story is really admirable—equal to Sandtord and Merton, and
somewhat represents it in general tone and manner.—Broadway Jour-
nal.

VI.

BARNES’S NOTES ON EPHESIANS, &c.

Notes, explanatory and practical, on the Epistles of Paul to the Ephe-
sians, Philippians, and Colossians. By Albert Barnes. 1 vol. 12mo.
Engravings. 75 cents.

VII.

PLATO AGAINST THE ATHEISTS;

With Critical Notes and Dissertations. By Tayler Lewis, L.L.D. of
New-York University. 1 vol. 12mo. $1,00.

	“ No more acceptable or timely contribution to the cause of sound

classical education could possibly have been made than this. The
leading object of the work, even paramount to its relation to education,
seems to have been to furnish an antidote to the progressive atheism of
the present age.”—Courier & Enquirer.

VIII.

TRAVELS OF MARCO POLO,

Newly collected from valuable MSS. in the Geographical Societies of
France and Italy, with copious notes and illustrations by Hugh Mur-
ray, with Maps, &c. 18mo. muslin. Price 50 Cents.

IX.

A PILGRIMAGE TO TREVES,

Through the Valley of the Meuse, and the Forest of Ardennes. By
C. Edward Anthon. 1vol. 75 cents
“ A very pleasing, and more than ordinary useful book of travels.”
—Evangelist.

 “ The volume is replete with antiquarian lore relating to the city of
Charlemagne, and the renowned city of Treves. It is evidently the
work of a scholar, and cannot fail to enlist a profound interest.—Osue-
 go Advertiser.

X.

ENCYCLOPӔDIA OF DOMESTIC ECONOMY.

A complete Repertory of all Matters connected with the Economy of
Housekeeping. By T. Webster, Esq. Edited, with Additions, &c.,
by an American Physician. Copiously Illustrated. $3,50.
 " This is decidedly a book for the million : it contains all that pre-
cise kind of information adapted to the use of families, and which one
 may seek for in vain elsewhere.”—New-York Evening Gazette.

144

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

J. F. BROWNE & CO.

MANUFACTURERS OP THE

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACTION HARP,

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard,

J.F. BROWNE respectfully informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for

the manufacture and importation of these very beautiful instruments, at

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are snch as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the high duties imposed by
Tariff on these Instruments.

J. F. Browne would observe, these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modern improvements of London and
Paris, are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism. Particular care is taken to fit them for the ex-
tremes of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufacture, imported in the usual way.

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe; among the latter, he would mention N. C Bochsa,
who invariably selects from this establishment.

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional talent in this country.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of testing
their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof against the in-
constancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction. I am yours, CHARLES THIBAULT,
January, 1845.	No. 40 Beach Street, N. Y.

Dear Sir :—I write to exrress the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella’s Concert in this city. The
mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old Master,
Bochsa, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other.	Yours, most truly, H. G. TRUST.

Philadelphia, March 4th, 1844?

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—I have much pleasure in saying, that the Harp of your make I performed on at the St. George’s Society Concert,
is, in brilliancy of tone, touch and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever played on. This will apply to all your Harps. The Grand six
and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument.	Yours, with respect, ELIZABETH SLOMAN.

New York, January 16th, 1845.	A pupil of N. C. Bochsa.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—Having at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps. I find they possess the best qualities of the
first Makers in Europe combined. That the ease of touch, by which the most brilliant tone is obtained, the perfection and ease of modulation,
they are superior to any I have used; their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste. Your new Grand Gothic six and a half oc-
tavo, is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world; it will give me great pleasure in recommending our Harps at every
opportunity.	Yours Truly, HENRY HORN.

January 12th, 1854.	An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every way capable of making a
correct decision. J. F. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Arts, Philadelphia, for his splendid improvements in
this delightful Instrument.

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

THE

SOUTHERN LITERARY MESSENGER.

B. B. MINOR, Editor and Proprietor.

Published monthly, at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

THE MESSENGER has been established since

1835, has a large subscription list, and is the principal organ of
Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office of the " Broad-
way Journal,” 135 Nassau streeet.

GREAT REDUCTION IN PRICE.

THE FIRST PREMIUM AWARDED FIVE YEA RS BY THE AMERICAN INSTI-
TUTE FOR THE BEST SPECIMEN OF OFF HAND PENMANSHIP.

GOLDSMITH’S WRITING AND BOOK-KEEPING ACADEMY,

No. 289 BROADWAY, NEW YORK.

GOLDSMITH’S PREMIUM SYSTEM of Mercan-

tile and Epistolary Writing, guaranteed to all (old and young)
in 10 lessons of 1 hour each.

Double entry Book-keeping, Fifteen Dollars, for a thorough course
of instruction, including mercantile arithmetic, also Blanks and Sta-
tionery. Payable at the commencement.

Class Hours—9 A. M., 3, 5 3-4, and 7 P. M., daily, for gentlemen,
and from 11 to 1 o’clock, for ladies. Private instruction given.

For sale “ Goldsmith’s Gems of Penmanship,” elegantly bound.
Price Five Dollars.

NEW AND BRILLIANT ORATORIO.

THE BEAUTIFUL AND EFFECTIVE ORA-

TORIO of THE SEVEN SLEEPERS will be performed early
in September next, at the Tabernacle, under the direction of Mr.
GEORGE LODER.

The Chorusses will he sustained by OVER ONE HUNDRED AND
TWENTY-FIVE PERFORMERS, selected with particular reference
to their Musical Qualifications.

The Solo pans (ten in number) will be WELL sustained by RESI
DENT TALENT.

A powerful Orchestra will be engaged for the occasion, and the pub-
lic may confidently rely upon hearing a GOOD Oratorio WELL
PERFORMED.

Mr. H. B. TIMM will preside at the Organ.

N.B. Persons leaving their names at the stores of Firth & Hall;
Firth, Hall, & Pond, 239 Broadway ; Atwill; Saxton & Miles; Riley;
Scharfenburgh & Luis; G.F. Nesbitt, cor. Wall and Water; or with
H. Meiggs, 446 Broadway, previous to first of September, will receive
THREE TICKETS FOR ONE DOLLAR, payable on delivery of
the tickets

WEDDING, VISITING, and PROFESSIONAL

CARDS, engraved and printed at VALENTINE’S, 1 Beekman
Street—Lovejoy’s Hotel.

MEDICI SERIES OF ITALIAN PROSE.

PAINE AND BURGESS, 62 JOHN ST., HAVE

 just published, Nos 2 and 3 of the Medici Series of Italian Prose.

The Florentine Histories. By Nicolo Machiavelli. In 2 vols.
Translated by C. Edwards Lester, Esq. Price 50 cents per vol. pa
per, 75 cents cloth.

OPINION OF JARED SPARKS, ESQ.

" With the Florentine Histones, I am well acquainted. Formed on
the classical models of antiquity, it is executed with consummate skill,
few historital compositions are so successful in attaining the two great
ends of entertainment and instruction. The style is spirited, clear
and vigorous, the narrative rapid and condensed, the reflections of the
author, though brief and sententious, are always appropriate and often
profound. .....	.

There is probably no work within the same compass in which the
instructive lessons of History can be studied with more profit and ef-
fect.”

PIANO FORTES. The Subscribers, while return-

ing thanks to their numerous friends and to the public, would, at
the same time call attention to their Stock of Instruments, of six and
seven octaves, just finished, in elegant Rosewood and mahogany cases.

The subscribers, from their long experience in every department of
the business, have been enabled to add several important improvements
to the action, so that their Instruments, they feel assured will prove,
upon examination, equal to any in the market.

STODART & DUNHAM,3«1 Broadway.
Manufactory, 13th st., between 3d and 4lh Avenues.

Our First Volume.—A few copies of the first volume of the Broadway
Journal are for sale at the office, either in numbers or neatly bound.

AGENTS FOR THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.

R. G. H. Huntington, Hartford, Ct
M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.
Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O.
D. M. Dewey, Rochester, N.Y.

J. Robertson, Syracuse, N. Y.

W. E. Russell, Schenectady, N. Y.
Levi Willard, Troy, N. Y.

G. Jones, Albany, N. Y.

S. F. Hoyt. Newburgh, N. Y.

Shurtz & Wilde, Baltimore, Md.

Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia.
Thos. H. Pease, New-Haven, Ct.
J. C. Morgan, New-Orleans.
W.W. Kingsley, New-London, Ct.

G.	N. Beesley, Utica, N. Y.

H B. Strang, Peekskill, N.Y.
Haliburton & Dudley, Boston, Ms.
S. Thompson, Worcester, Mass.
Peter Cooke, Hartford, Ct.

H.	Esten, Providence, R. I.
Safford & Park, Norwich, Ct.