THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

VOL. 2.	NEW YORK, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 4,1845.	NO. 13.

Three Dollars per Annum.	edited by	Published at 135 Nassau-st

Single Copies, 6 1-4 Cents.	EDGAR A. POE and HENRY C. WATSON.	By JOHN DISCO.

Lines.

Peace of the hallowed day—how pure and deep!

On the green earth—in the blue boundless air,

How do all things invite the soul to prayer!

Her solemn Sabbath how doth Nature keep!

Doth silence reign, that hither down may float
The full deep waves of Heaven’s own harmony—

That favored man, from earthly coil set free,

Listening in awe, may catch the angelic note?
O dreamer! see to it—that nought within
The faint, yet glorious diapason mar!

Crush thy heart’s whispers; fix thy gaze alar,

And turn thee from the Siren lure of sin!

It is a “still small voice” that speaks His will
Before whom sank the ocean billows, and were still.

O weary heart! there is a rest for thee;

O truant heart! there is a blessed home—

An isle of gladness on life’s treacherous sea,

Where storms, that vex the waters, never come.
Through groves perennial, streams that cannot die
Bear blessing round that fair and fertile shore;

And shipwrecked ones, beneath that bending sky,

Dream of the terrors of the deep no more.

Winnowed by wings immortal that sweet isle;

Vocal its air with music from above;

There meets the exile aye a welcoming smile;

There ever speaks a summoning voice of love
"Say to the heavy laden and distressed—

‘Come unto me, and I will give you rest.’ ”

E. F. Ellet.

The Gift of Prophecy.

Our life is hid. Shadows dark as the raven’s wing
shut us in. and shut us out from what is within—from
the only substantial. We know not the meaning of sight
We know not what we see when sight is given. When
glimpses of the Divine that is within and all around us,
come athwart our darkness, they seem so beautiful, so
heavenly, that we say we are under the dominion of the
marvellous, and we fear that reason is reeling from her
throne.

If there are no Prophets, or Seers, whence has come
the idea of such? The skeptic says from the Imagina-
tion, or in other words the image-making power. But
whence comes the original of an image in the mind?

Of the gift of Prophecy I will speak what I know.—
the “reasonable” man will pass my statements unread,
or lie will smile pityingly at ray “hallucinations.”
from an early age I have had the gilt of Prophecy.
Not at all times; not for all events. But at particular
seasons the foreshadow, or foreshine of the Future has
come so deeply or so brightly upon my soul, that I have
been compelled to feel, if not to utter the Prophecy. But
apart from these seasons I could never divine for myself,
or another. That is, in what is called my natural state,

I could not do this. Of the influence of Mesmerism I
shall speak hereafter. The first distinct shadowing of
unknown events upon my consciousness that I remember,
was when I was very young. From infancy I had been
baptized in tears, and it is no strange thing that my first
experience as a Seer should be sorrowful. I had been
from home some time, and was returning. Within a mile
of my father’s house the shadow fell. I was certain that
evil had come to those I loved. I was particularly cer-
tain that the blow had fallen upon my mother. I could
hardly support myself till I reached home, so intense and
terrible was my agitation and distress at the certainty
that had come to me. My sister met me at the door,
with an expression of suffering on her countenance that
told a sad tale. She put her finger to her lip, closed the
door softly, and drew me aside to say in a whisper, that
our mother’s life was despaired of. It was what I ex-
pected, but I do not know that I was any better prepared
for the event. However, as yet I was but a novice in
“Second Sight.” It is sometimes said that we should be
miserable if we knew the future, and that this is the rea-
son why it is shut out from us. I suppose this is true
of our ordinary state, but our whole being is changed
when the prophetic sense is fully awakened, and we are
not always, or often wretched in view of the trials of the
future, but girded to meet them.

Once in my life a great trial was hid from me, and
revealed to a brother seer. My heart did not respond in
faith to his vision. I smiled when he detailed with mi-
nuteness, great sorrows that were coming to me. My
heart was a little faint when I thought it might be that
he spoke truly. He told me of blessings that should be
mine, through the medium of these trials. When all the
sorrow came, I knew that he had thus far told me truly,
yet I did not believe in the blessing he had predicted.—
What a bundle of enigmas is man! But the blessing
came as truly as the sorrow had come.

Once when I had been very ill and was recovering, my
Prophetic Light was clear, and comparatively far-reach-
ing. I saw, as it were, a scroll, written in light, with
the deeds of years engraven on it. What no one had
done, I saw with mid-day clearness that I should do. I
saw that I should dare much, and accomplish much—
that curses and blessings should be mine. With a heav-
enly awe, and a peace not of earth, for hours I read the
scroll of Destiny. Whatever I sought to know, appear-
ed emblazoned in living light before me. At that mo-
ment, weak and faint from what all had deemed the bed
of Death, I seemed to have superhuman strength to do
all that waited my doing. Years of the most intense ac-
tivity, deeds that have awakened men from the death-
sleep of centuries, were crowded on that life-scroll. For
hours I gazed without tiring, and then gradually all fa-
ded from before me, and I was left alone, with the weak-
ness of an infant, counting my heart-throbs, to see if I
had forgotten how to count. I slowly gained health, and

188

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

forgot the vision—and not until the days of its accom-
plishment had passed, did I again call it to mind. Peo-
ple try at this day to explain all this neurologically, or
mesmerically, but their explanations need explaining as
much as my phenomena. I know that I am, that my
gift is. Do they know more? Again and again since
that Record of Destiny was unrolled to me, I have seen
the Future. Many times my sight has been opened
through Mesmerism, but then I seem to see with less of
Beauty and of Life. On one occasion I was mesmerized,
and the events of the coming year passed in rapid suc-
cession before me. I wrote them, that I might have the
record when the vision had faded from my sight. I fold-
ed the Prophecy into my common-place-book, and weeks
afterward I read it. I felt solemn in view of what I had
seen, but calm and resigned. Only one event seemed to
call for resignation, and that was to shut me from the
world yet a little longer, perhaps till I have passed away.
What boots it whether the world knows its benefactors?
What boots it whether I steal into hearts an inspiration
silent as the gentle and refreshing dew, or whether I
come like the hoarse thunder which purifies the atmos-
phere ’mid terror and admiration? So that the heavenly
cycles roll on, and God’s work is done, I am content. I
have often had the Prophetic sense awakened for my-
self and others by the hand of the mesmerizer, and I
have then seen strange and wonderful things, in this
world, and in the real world, where all is substance,
not shadow. But men are not prepared for the wonders
of this world—what then would they say to the events of
the spiritual world? The God-Man of Nazareth said, “I
have many things to say to you, but you cannot bear
them now."

The mesmeric state does not seem to be fully mine. In
that I seem to be away from home. What is called the
natural or spontaneous mesmeric state, in which I see
the abstract, the distant, the future, in a word the spir-
itual, as my own Soul, this is the state I love. This is
the foreshine of that world that we are all entering

Mary Orme.

Pictures.

BY MISS COLMAN.

Wearily, wearily,

Drowned in her tears,

Sitting so lonelily,

Trembling with fears,

Hearken how sobbingly,

Come forth her sighs!

See, see how absently
Wander her eyes!

Listen I—she dreamily
Murmurs a word,

Soft, and how touchingly!

Scarce is it heard.

Now she prays mourningly,

Bent to the earth;

Angels, that tenderly,

Watched her from birth,

Sooth her now lovingly
Sinking with grief—

In voices so heavenly
Whisper relief.

Ah, is it not pitiful
To look on her there,

Good, and so beautiful
Laden with care?

Listen now, thankfully
Chagned is her tone;

No longer drooping,

Sits she alone.

No longer tearfully
Clouded her sight;

From her eyes cheerfully
Shineth love’s light.

See, see how gladsomely
Bounds she along,

While from her lips merrily
Ripples a song!

Upward, she lovingly
Raises her eyes,

Gazing so gratefully
Into the skies.

Angels that weepingly
Prayed with her there,

Look on her smilingly,

Saved from despair.

Ah, we can happily
Look on her now,

Joy reigns so peacefully
On her lair brow.

The Island of the Fay.

Nullus enim locus sine genio est.——Servius.

“La musique," says Marmontel, in those “Contes Mo-
raux”* which, in all our translations, we have insisted
upon calling “Moral Tales” as if in mockery of their
spirit—“la musique est le seul des talens qui jouissent de
lui méme; tous les autres veutent des temoins." He here
confounds the pleasure derivable from sweet sounds with
the capacity for creating them. No more than any other
talent, is that for music susceptible of complete enjoy-
ment, where there is no second party to appreciate its ex-
ercise. And it is only in common with other talents that
it produces effects which may be fully enjoyed in soli-
tude. The idea which the raconteur has either failed
to entertain clearly, or has sacrificed in its expression to
his national love of point, is, doubtless, the very tenable
one that the higher order of music is the most thoroughly
estimated when we are exclusively alone. The proposi-
tion, in this form, will be admitted at once by those who
love the lyre for its own sake, and for its spiritual uses.
But there is one pleasure still within the reach of fallen
mortality—and perhaps only one—which owes even more
than does music to the accessory sentiment of seclusion.
I mean the happiness experienced in the contemplation of
natural scenery. In truth, the man who would behold a-
right the glory of God upon earth must in solitude behold
that glory. To me, at least, the presence—not of human
life only—but of life in any other form than that of the
green things which grow upon the soil and are voiceless
—is a stain upon the landscape—is at war with the ge-
nius of the scene. I love, indeed, to regard the dark val-
leys, and the grey rocks, and the waters that silently
smile, and the forests that sigh in uneasy slumbers, and
the proud watchful mountains that look down upon all—
I love to regard these as themselves but the colossal
members of one vast animate and sentient whole—a

*Moraux is here derived from mæurs and its meaning is "fash-
unable," or, more strictly, "of manners."

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

189

whole whose form (that of the sphere) is the most per-
fect and most inclusive of all; whose path is among as-
sociate planets; whose meek handmaiden is the moon;
whose mediate sovereign is the sun; whose life is eterni-
ty; whose thought is that of a God; whose enjoyment is
knowledge; whose destinies are lost in immensity;
whose cognizance of ourselves is akin with our own cog-
nizance of the animalculae which infest the brain—a be-
ing which we, in consequence, regard as purely inani-
mate and material, much in the same manner as these
animalculae must thus regard us.

Our telescopes, and our mathematical investigations
assure us on every hand—notwithstanding the cant of
the more ignorant of the priesthood—that space, and
therefore that hulk, is an important consideration in the
eyes of the Almighty. The cycles in which the stars
move are those best adapted for the evolution, without
collision, of the greatest possible number of bodies. The
forms of those bodies are accurately such as, within a
given surface, to include the greatest possible amount of
matter;—while the surfaces themselves are so disposed
as to accommodate a denser population than could be ac-
commodated on the same surfaces otherwise arranged.
Nor is it any argument against bulk being an object with
God, that space itself is infinite; for there may be an
infinity of matter to fill it. And since we see clearly
that the endowment of matter with vitality is a principle
—indeed as far as our judgments extend, the leading
principle in the operations of Deity—it is scarcely logi-
cal to imagine it confined to the regions of the minute,
where we daily trace it, and not extending to those
of the august. As we find cycle within cycle without
end—yet all revolving around one far-distant centre
which is the Godhead, may we not analogically suppose,
in the same manner, life within life, the less within the
greater, and all within the Spirit Divine ? In short, we
are madly erring, through self-esteem, in believing man,
in either his temporal or future destinies, to be of more
moment in the universe than that vast “clod of the val-
ley” which he tills and contemns, and to which he de-
nies a soul for no more profound reason than that he
does not behold it in operation.*

These fancies, and such as these, have always given to
my meditations among the mountains, and the forests, by
the rivers and the ocean, a tinge of what the every-day
world would not fail to term the fantastic. My wander-
ings amid such scenes have been many, and far-searching,
and often solitary; and the interest with which I have
strayed through many a dim deep valley, or gazed into
the reflected Heaven of many a bright lake, has been an
interest greatly deepened by the thought that I have
strayed and gazed alone. What flippant Frenchman was
it who said, in allusion to the well-known work of Zim-
merman, that, “la solitude est une belle chose; mais il
faut quelqu 'un pour vous dire que la solitude est une belle
chose?” The epigram cannot be gainsayed; but the ne-
cessity is a thing that does not exist.

It was during one of my lonely journeyings, amid a far-
distant region of mountain locked within mountain, and
sad rivers and melancholy tarns writhing or sleeping
within all—that I chanced upon a certain rivulet and
island. I came upon them suddenly in the leafy June,
and threw myself upon the turf, beneath the branches of
an unknown odorous shrub, that I might doze as I con-

*Speaking of the tides, Pomponius Mela, in his treatise De Situ
Orbis," says “either the world is a great animal, or" &c.

templated the scene. I felt that thus only should I look
upon it—such was the character of phantasm which it
wore.

On all sides—save to the west, where the sun was
about sinking—arose the verdant walls of the forest.
The little river which turned sharply in its course, and
was thus immediately lost to sight, seemed to have no
exit from its prison, but to be absorbed by the deep green
foliage of the trees to the east—while in the opposite
quarter (so it appeared to me as I lay at length and
glanced upward) there poured down noiselessly and con-
tinuously into the valley, a rich golden and crimson water-
fall from the sunset fountains of the sky.

About mid-wav in the short vista which my dreamy
vision took in, one small circular island, profusely ver-
dured, reposed upon the bosom of the stream.

So blended bank and shadow there,

That each seemed pendulous in air—

so mirror-like was the glassy water, that it was scarcely
possible to say at what point upon the slope of the emer-
ald turf its crystal dominion began.

My position enabled me to include in a single view
both the eastern and western extremities of the islet; and
I observed a singularly-marked difference in their aspects.
The latter was all one radiant harem of garden beauties.
It glowed and blushed beneath the eye of the slant sun-
light, and fairly laughed with flowers. The grass was
short, springy, sweet-scented, and Asphodel-interspersed.
The trees were lithe, mirthful, erect—bright, slender and
graceful—of eastern figure and foliage, with bark smooth,-
glossy, and parti-colored. There seemed a deep sense of
life and joy about all; and although no airs blew from
out the Heavens, yet every thing had motion through the
gentle sweepings to and fro of innumerable butterflies,
that might have been mistaken for tulips with wings.*

The other or eastern end of the isle was whelmed in
the blackest shade. A sombre, yet beautiful and peace-
ful gloom here pervaded all things. The trees were
dark in color and mournful in form and attitude—wreath-
ing themselves into sad, solemn, and spectral shapes,
that conveyed ideas of mortal sorrow and untimely death.
The grass wore the deep tint of the cypress, and the
heads of its blades hung droopingly, and, hither and thi-
ther among it, were many small unsightly hillocks, low,
and narrow, and not very long, that had the aspect of
graves, but were not; although over and all about them
the rue and the rosemary clambered. The shade of the
trees fell heavily upon the water, and seemed to bury
itself therein, impregnating the depths of the element
with darkness. I fancied that each shadow, as the sun
descended lower and lower, separated itself sullenly from
the trunk that gave it birth, and thus became absorbed
by the stream; while other shadows issued momently
from the trees, taking the place of their predecessors thus

entombed.

This idea, having once seized upon my fancy, greatly
excited it, and I lost myself forthwith in reverie. “If
ever island were enchanted,”—said I to myself—“this is
it. This is the haunt of the few gentle Fays who remain
from the wreck of the race. Are these green tombs
theirs?—or do they yield up their sweet lives as mankind
yield up their own? In dying, do they not rather waste
away mournfully; rendering unto God little by little
their existence, as these trees render up shadow after

•Florem putares nare per liquidum æthera.

P. Commire.

190

THE EKOAPWaV JOURNAL.

shadow, exhausting their substances unto dissolution?
What the wasting tree is to the water that imbibes its
shade, growing thus blacker by what it preys upon, may
not the life of the Fay be to the death which engulfs it?

As I thus mused, with half-shut eyes, while the sun
sank rapidly to rest, and eddying currents careered
round and round the island, bearing upon their bosom
large, dazzling, white flakes of the bark of the sycamore
—flakes which, in their multiform positions upon the
water, a quick imagination might have converted into
anything it pleased—while I thus mused, it appeared to
me that the form of one of those very Fays about whom I
had been pondering, made its way slowly into the dark-
ness from out the light at the western end of the island.
She stood erect in a singularly fragile canoe, and urged
it with the mere phantom of an oar. While within the
influence of the lingering sunbeams, her attitude seemed
indicative of joy—but sorrow deformed it as she passed
within the shade. Slowly she glided along, and at
length rounded the islet and re-entered the region of light.
“The revolution which has just been made by the Fay,”
continued I musingly—“is the cycle of the brief year of
her life. She has floated through her winter and through
her summer. She is a year nearer unto Death: for I did
not fail to see that as she came into the shade, her sha-
dow fell from her, and was swallowed up in the dark
water, making its blackness more black.”

And again the boat appeared, and the Fay; but about
the attitude of the latter there was more of care and un-
certainty, and less of elastic joy. She floated again from
out the light, and into the gloom (which deepened mo-
mently) and again her shadow fell from her into the
ebony water, and became absorbed into its blackness.
And again and again she made the circuit of the island,
(while the sun rushed down to his slumbers) and at
each issuing into the light, there was more sorrow about
her person, while it grew feebler, and far fainter, and
more indistinct; and at each passage into the gloom,
there fell from her a darker shade, which became
whelmed in a shadow more black. But at length, when
the sun had utterly departed, the Fay, now the mere
ghost of her former self, went disconsolately with her
boat into the region of the ebony flood—and that she issued
thence at all I cannot say,—for darkness fell over all
things, and I beheld her magical figure no more.

Edgar A. POE.

Myrrha.

Oh! with a delicate art, how quaintly taught,

Sweetly around thy lattice thou hast wrought,

In many a mazy twine,

The forest vine.

Its sweets requite thee, and as summer comes,

It yields thee precious odors and gay blooms,

And, folded in thy breast,

Its birds are blest.

Am I less worthy of thy care, this hour,

Than the frail blossom of thy summer bower—

Of humbler claim to share
Thy smile, thy care?

Why hast thou taught my feelings then to twine
Thus hopeful round thee like that summer vine,

If still denied like rest
Upon thy breast?

W. Gilmore fimms.

Critical Notices.

Wiley & Putnam's Library of American Books. No IV.

The Wigwam and the Cabin. By William Gilmore

Simms.

This is one of the most interesting numbers of the Li-
brary yet published—and decidedly the most American
of the American books. “The Wigwam and the Cabin”
is merely a general or generic title;—the volume is a
collection of tales most of which were written for the
Annuals, and thus have failed in circulating among the
masses of the people. We are truly glad to see them in
a compact form.

In a recent number of our Journal we spoke of Mr.
Simms as “the best novelist which this country has,
upon the whole, produced;” and this is our deliberate
opinion. We take into consideration, of course, as well
the amount of what he has written, as the talent he has
displayed;—he is the Lopez de Vega of American wri-
ters of fiction. His merits lie among the major and his
defects among the minor morals of literature. His ear-
lier works of length, such as “The Partisan,” were dis-
figured by many inaccuracies of style, and especially by
the prevalence of the merely repulsive, where the horri-
ble was the object—but in invention, in vigor, in move-
ment, in the power of exciting interest, and in the artis-
tical management of his themes, he has surpassed, we
think, any of his countrymen:—that is to say, he has
surpassed any of them in the aggregate of these high
qualities. His best fictions, in our opinion, are “Martin
Faber” (one of his first tales, if not his very first published
one); “Beauchampe";“Richard Hurdis”;“Castle Dis-
mal”;“Helen Halsey”; and “Murder will Out.” “Mar-
tin Faber” has been said to resemble “Miserrimus”—
and in fact we perceive that the individual minds which
originated the two stories have much in them of similarity
—but as regards the narratives themselves, or even their
 tone, there is no resemblance whatever. “Martin Faber”
is the better work of the two. “Beauchampe” is in-
tensely interesting; but the historical truth has somewhat
hampered and repressed the natural strength of the ar-
tist. “Richard Hurdis” is the perfection of rough vigor
in conception and conduct—a very powerful book. “Cas-
 tle Dismal” is one of the most original fictions ever
penned and deserves all that order of commendation
which the critics lavished upon Walpole’s Castle of
Otranto. No man of imagination-can read this story
without admitting instantly the genius of its author;—

 still the narrative has important defects. “Helen Hal-
sey” is more “correct” (in the French sense of the word)
but less meritorious upon the whole. We believe it is a
favorite with its author ; and the public have received it
with marked approbation. “Murder Will Out” is the
first and the most meritorious of the series now lying be-
fore us. We have no hesitation in calling it the best
ghost-story we ever read. It is full of the richest and
most vigorous imagination—is forcibly conceived—and
detailed throughout with a degree of artistic skill which
has had no parallel among American story-tellers since
the epoch of Brockden Brown.

The other tales of the volume are all excellent in their
various ways. Their titles are “The Two Camps, a Le-
gend of the Old North State”; “The Last Wager, or
the Gamester of the Mississippi";“The Arm-Chair of
Tustenugge, a Tradition of the Catawba”;"The Snake
of the Cabin";“Oakatibbe, or the Choctaw Sampson";

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

191

amd "Jocassee, a Cherokee Legend.” The author says
of them, in an advertisement—“The material employed
will be found to illustrate, in large degree, the border,
history of the South. I can speak with confidence of the
general truthfulness of its treatment. The life of the
planter, the squatter, the Indian and the negro—the bold
and hardy pioneer and the vigorous yeomen—these are
the subjects. In their delineation I have mostly drawn
from living portraits, and, in frequent instances, from
actual scenes and circumstances within the memories of
men.”

Mr. Simms has exercised a very remarkable influence
upon the literature of his country—more especially upon
that of its Southern regions—nor do we regard this in-
fluence as in any degree the less important because a Mr.
William A. Jones "regards slightingly the mass of his 
romantic and poetical efforts.” We shall speak again
of “The Cabin and The Wigwam,” and in the meantime
we quote a passage from “Murder Will Out.” Our
readers must bear in mind, however, the absolute impos-
sibility of conveying, by extract, any just conception of a 
story whose main element is its skilful adaptation of
parts:

“It’s very strange!" soliloquized the youth, as he wandered
along the edges of the dense bay or swamp-bottom, which we
have passingly referred to,—“it’s very strange what troubles me
so! I feel almost frightened, and yet I know I’m not to be fright-
ened easily, and I don’t see anything in the woods to frighten me.
It’s strange the major didn’t come along this road! Maybe he
took another higher up that leads by a different settlement. I
wish I had asked the man at the house if there’s such another
road. I reckon there must be, however, for where could the ma-
jor have gone I”

The unphilosophical mind of James Grayling did not, in his
farther meditations, carry him much beyond this starting point;
and with its continual recurrence in soliloquy, he proceeded to
traverse the margin of the bay, until he came to its junction with,
and termination at, the high-road. The youth turned into this,
and, involuntarily departing from it a moment after, soon found
himself on the opposite side of the bay thicket. He wandered on
and on, as he himself described it, without any power to restrain
himself. He knew not how far lie went; but instead of main-
taining his watch for two hours only, he was gone more than four;
and, at length, a sense of weariness which overpowered him all
of a sudden, caused him to seat himself at the loot of a tree, and
snatch a few moments of rest. He denied that he slept in this
time. He insisted to the last moment of his life that sleep never
visited his eyelids that night,—that he was conscious of fatigue
and exhaustion, but not drowsiness—and that this fatigue was so
numbing as to be painful, and effectually kept him from any sleep.
While he sat thus beneath the tree, with a body weak and nerve-
less, but a mind excited, he knew not how or why, to the most
acute degree of expectation and attention, he heard his name
tailed by the well-known voice of his Iriend, Major Spencer.
The voice called him three limes,—“James Grayling!—James!
—James Grayling!" before he could muster strength enough to
answer. It was not courage he wanted,—of that he was positive,
for he felt sure, as he said, that something had gone wrong, and
was never more ready to light in his life than at that moment
could he have commanded the physical capacity; but his throat
seemed dry to suffocation,—his lips effectually sealed up as if
with wax, and when he did answer, the sounds seemed as fine
and soft as whisper of some child just horn.

“Oh! major, is it you?’’

Such he thinks, were the very words he made use of in reply;
and the answer that be received was instantaneous, though the
voice came from some little distance in the bay, and his own
he did not hear. He only knows what he meant to say.

The answer was to this effect.

It is, James!—It is your own friend, Lionel Spencer, that

speaks to you; do not be alarmed when you see me! I have
been shockingly murdered!’’

James asserts that he tried to tell him that he would not be
frightened, but his own voice was still a whisper, which he him-
self could scarcely hear. A moment after he had spoken, he
heard something like a sudden breeze that rustled through the
bay bushes at his feet, and his eyes were closed without his effort,
and indeed in spite of himself. When he opened them, he saw
Major Spencer standing at the edge of the bay, about twenty
steps from him. Though he stood in the shade of a thicket, and
there was no light in the heavens save that of the stars, he was
yet enabled to distinguish perfectly, and with great ease, every
lineament of his friend’s face.

He looked very pale, and his garments were covered with
blood; and James said that he strove very much to rise from the
place were he sat and approach him;—"for in truth,” said the
lad, “so far from feeling any fear, I felt nothing but fury in my
heart; but I could not move a limb. My feet were fastened to
the ground; my hands to my sides; and I could only bend for-
ward and gasp. I felt as if I should have died with vexation that
I could not rise; but a power which I could not resist, made
me motionless and almost speechless. I could only say, ‘ Mur-
dered!’—and that one word I believe I must have repeated a
dozen times.”

“Yes, murdered!—murdered by the Scotchman who slept
with us at your fire the night before last. James, I look to you
to have the murderer brought to justice! James!—do you hear
me, James?"

“These,” said James, “I think were the very words, or near
about the very words, that I heard; and I tried to ask the major
to tell me how it was, and how I could do what he required; but l
didn’t hear myself speak, though it would appear that he did, for
almost immediately after I had tried to speak what I wished to
say, he answered me just as if I had said it. He told me that
the Scotchman had waylaid, killed, and hidden him in that very
bay; that his murderer had gone to Charleston; and that if I
made haste to town, I would find him in the Falmouth packet,
which was then lying in the harbour and ready to sail for Eng-
land. He farther said that everything depended upon my making
haste,—that I mast reach town by to-morrow night if I wanted to
be in season, and go right on board the vessel and charge the
criminal with the deed. ‘Do not be afraid,’ said he, when he
had finished; ’be afraid of nothing, James, for God will help and
strengthen you to the end.’ When I heard all I burst into a flood
of tears, and then I fell strong. I felt that I could talk, or fight,
or do almost anything; and I jumped up to my feet, and was just
about to run down to where the major stood, but with the first
step which I made forward, he was gone. I stopped and looked
all around me, but I could see nothing; and the bay was just as
black as midnight. But I went down to it and tried to press in
where I thought the major had been standing; but I couldn’t get
far, the brush and bay bushes were so close and thick. I was
now bold and strong enough, and I called out, loud enough to be
heard half a mile. I didn’t exactly know what I called for, or
what I wanted to learn, or I have forgotten. But I heard nothing

more.

Wiley & Putnam's Library of Choice Heading, No. XXIV.

Bubbles from the Brunnen of Nassau. By An Old

Man.

The Old Man is Sir Francis Head. His bubbles have a
sparkle about them which has insured and must insure
their popularity. Few books have met with more cor-
dial reception. The author’s preface happily conveys the
manner of the book:

The writer of this trifling Volume was suddenly sentenced, in
the cold evening of his life, to drink the mineral waters of one of
the bubbling springs, or brunnen, of Nassau. In his own opinion,
his constitution was not worth so troublesome a repair; but being

outvoted, he bowed and departed.

On reaching die point of his destination, he found not only wa-
ter-bibbing—bathing—and ambulation to be the order of the day,

192

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

but it was moreover insisted upon, that the mind was to be relaxed
inversely as the body was to be strengthened. Daring this severe
regimen, he was driven to amuse himself in his old age by blow-
ing as he tottled about, a few literary Bubbles. His hasty sketches
of whatever chanced for the moment to please either his eye, or
his mind, were only made—because he had nothing else in the world
to do; and he now offers them to that vast and highly respectable
class of people who read from exactly the self-same motive.

The critic must, of course, declare this production to be vain
empty—light—hollow—superficial .... but it is the nature of
Bubbles to be so.

The earth has bubbles, as the water has,

And these are of them.

Macbeth, Act I. Scene 3.

Lady Mary; or Not of the World. By the Rev. Chas.
B. Tayler, M. A., Author of “The Records of a Good
Man's Life," etc. New-York: Stanford if Swords,
139 Broadway.

Since our last number, in which we announced the is-
sue of this beautiful little work, we have read it through
with deep interest. It is admirably written and well
adapted to its end—the rebuke of vice and folly among the
more cultivated classes of society. We have seldom, if
ever, seen a more appropriate gift-book, especially for the
young.

Sermons on Certain of the Less Prominent Facts and
References in Sacred Story. By Henry Melvill, D.
D., Principal of the East India College, and Chaplain
to the Tower of London. Second Series. New-York:
Stanford & Swords.

These are very peculiar, and for this reason, as well as
for others, very interesting discourses. We give the titles
of the several sermons, as the best way of conveying, in
brief, the character of the book:—“The Young Man in
the Linen Cloth;" “The Fire on the Shore;" “The Find-
ing the Guest-Chamber “The Spectre’s Sermon, a Tru-
ism;" “Various Opinions (about Christ);” “The Mis-
representations of Eve;” “Seeking after Finding;" “The
Bird’s Nest "Angels our Guardians in Trifles	“The

Appearance of Failure;" “Simon, the Cyrenian;" “The

Power of the Eye;" “Pilate’s Wife;"and“The Exami-
nation of Cain.” These sermons are brief. The volume
consists of only 130 pages octavo.

A Latin Grammar, Comprising all the Rules and Observa-
tions necessary to an Accurate Knowledge of the Latin
Classics. By James Ross, LL. D. WITH Latin Idioms
and a New Prosody, and other Important Additions and
Emendations, by N. C. Brooks, A. M., Professor of the
Latin and Greek Languages, and Principal of the Latin
High School, Baltimore. Philadelphia: Thos. Cowp-
perthwait & Co.

This is a judicious attempt on the part of Mr. Brooks
(no less distinguished as an imaginative and graceful po-
et than by his classical acquirements) to restore the La-
tin Grammar of Dr. Ross to the position it once held in
our Academies and Colleges. There can be no doubt
that the book, in its original form, had many demerits,
but we believe that these were far more than counter-
balanced by merits not elsewhere to be found.

Mr. Brooks, in his edition, has omitted, as superfluous,
the author's Remarks on English Articles, Nouns and
Pronouns. In Orthography he has given the division of
the letters, with more particular rules for their pronun-
ciation. In Etymology he has made many new arrange-
ments—placing, for example, under the head of “Gen-
der,” its rules and exceptions:—these in the original
work were interspersed at random, throughout. In
Verbs, too, there are several important alterations and ad-

ditions—deleo is conjugated in place of doceo; the latter,
not being accurately regular. Mr. Brooks gives, also,
(what is essential) an explanatian of the nature of the
Gerund and Supine. In Syntax the rules are much sim-
plified and abridged, and some Remarks on Latin Idioms.
Syntatical Arrangement and Analysis are, with great
judgment, introduced. The Prosody of Ross is entirely
remodelled, and for this portion of his labor, Mr. Brooks
is entitled to very especial credit. His work, upon the
whole, is one of high value, and we are happy to hear of
its general introduction into schools.

We must do Mr. Brooks the justice of appending to this
very imperfect notice, the opinion of a scholar whose
good word is of weight; the letter annexed will speak
for itself:

Baltimore, September 13, 1845.
Dear Sir—Having carefully examined Ross’ Latin Grammar,
as revised and amended by you, I find the book every way equal, if
not superior to any that art used in our schools. After a thorough
perusal of your “Latin Lessons,” I take pleasure in acknowledg-
ing that never, even in my “fatherland,” have I read a book bet-
ter calculated to facilitate the study of the Latin language. It
should be in the hands of every beginner. Moreover, the many
sentences it contains embracing facts in the history of my adopted
country, must make it interesting not only to the student, but dear
to every patriotic heart. Yours respectfully,

A. Frietog, LL. D.

[Of the University ef Gottingen.]

Of the “Latin Lessons” here alluded to, we spoke in a
previous number. They are admirably adapted to their
purpose. Messrs. Thomas Cowperthwait & Co., of Phil-
adelphia, are the publishers.

Blackwood's Magazine for September, has been re-pub-
lished by Leonard Scott 4c Co. It has several interesting
articles—among which are “English Landscape”; “The
Historical Romance”; “A Few Words for Bettina”; and
“Margaret of Valois.” “North’s Specimens of the Brit-
ish Critics” is continued in a paper replete with coarse
malignity, and the customary Wilsonic rant.

The Book of Useful Knowledge. A Cyclopædia of Sev-
eral Thousand Practical Receipts etc. in the Arts, Man-
ufactures and Trades, including Medicine, Pharmacy
and Domestic Economy, etc. etc. By Arnold James Coo-
ley, Illustrated with Numerous Engravings. New York:
D. Appleton & Co.

No IV of this invaluable work, is just issued. It has
now proceeded as far as the word Lead. The numbers
are sold at 25 cts. each.

The Treasury of History. New York: Daniel Adee.

This is Maunder’s noted work. To be completed in 12
numbers. No IX is issued.

The Young Man’s Mentor on his Entrance into Life !;
"With Rules for his general Conduct after leaving School,
etc. etc. By A Friend to American Youth, New York:
William H. Graham.

Simms Monthly Magazine for September is, as usual,
excellent. It contains, among other able papers, the con-
clusion of “The Epochs and Events of American History
as suited to the Purposes of Art in Fiction"—No. 3 of “A
Foreigner’s First Glimpses of Georgia"—No. 7 of "The
Marion Family," and some remarkably tine poems. We
allude especially to “The Maiden’s First Dream of Love"
and “Elodie, a Ballad." These are anonymous, and we
attribute them to the same hand. We quote the first
stanza of the one first named.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

193

Soft, O! how softly sleeping,

Shadowed by beamy she lies,

Dreams, as of rapture, creeping,

Smile by smile, over her eyes;

Lips, O! how sweetly parting,

As if the delight between,

With its own warm pulses starting,

Strove to go forth and be seen,

Whoever has written these two poems, will undoubted-
ly be distinguished.

Godey's Magazine for October, has a good engraving
of “The Battle of Concord Bridge” from a painting by
Frankenstein—also a clean-looking plate by Ellis, illus-
trating the Scriptural words, “Behold the place where
they laid him.” The customary fashion-plate is very-
well done. The contributions of “The Lady’s Book”
have been steadily rising in merit for the last year, and are
now, generally, better than those of any Magazine of its
class. They seem to be carefully written—less depend-
ence being placed upon the mere name of the author, and
more upon the intrinsic merit of his composition. The
best article in the present number is “The Duchess of
Bavaria,” a story of the highest romantic interest, beau-
tifully told by Mrs. E. F. Ellet. Mrs. Hale, Miss Leslie,
Mrs Hentz, Mrs. Adams, Miss Rand, Mrs. Lee, Tucker-
man, Frost, Sullivan and others have, also, very excellent
contributions. Mr. Godey, we learn, is making unusual
exertions for next year’s campaign. His Magazine has
about it a “keeping,” a consistency, which is one of the
surest indications of long and prosperous life. We miss
one or two of his old contributors. What has become of
Mrs. Osgood? Her papers were wont to be the charm of
the “Book.”

Graham's Magazine for October, has a portrait and bi-
ography of Robert Morris, the gentlemanly editor of the
Philadelphia “Inquirer.” This is the best likeness of the
series. There is also a spirited engraving of a Maunitar-
ri Warrior. Grund contributes an interesting paper on
“The Continental Historians”; Alfred B Street has “A
Day’s Fishing in the Kalikoon”—very picturesque; and
Mrs. Osgood furnishes “Leonora L’Estrange,” one of her
invariably graceful compositions. We purloin from it an
epigrammatic song;

I have been true to all I loved—

To Honor, Love and Truth;

These were the idols of my soul
In my believing youth—

And these I worship londly still,

With vows all pure and free—

Alas I that truth to them involves
Unfaithfulness to thee.

The Aristidean for September looks and speaks re-
markably well. Its papers are all pointed and forcible.

“Travels in Texas” is one of the most interesting sketch-
es we have seen in a year, and puts us in mind of the vi-
gorous add imaginative “Jack Long" and the “San Sa-
ba Hills.” There is a scorching review of Hirst’s Po-
ems—a good thing for everybody but Mr. Hirst;—this is 
a very laughable article. “Tourists in America’ is also
exceedingly pungent:—both these papers, we presume,
are from the pen editorial. We notice, also, as espe-

cially meritorious, “Popular Governments and Institu-
tions”; and “ Leaves from aLog-Book." The Notices 

of New Books are unusually full and particularly inde-
pendent. The poetry of the number is, nevertheless, its
chief feature. “Sir Albert De Veniter” is capital.

Here is an excellent epigram:

ALAS!

To work like a Turk—what a life is an editor’s.!
News-clipping, ink-dipping,

Pasting and wasting,

No rest ever tasting,

And pestered to death with his creditors.

Go loll on the soil, or dig cellars like Dan Nichoi.s;
Plough a field, trowel wield,

Worry and flurry,

And live in a hurry,

But wear not an editor’s manacles.

Many of the other poetical pieces interspersed through-
out the number, are of a high order of excellence. “The
Aristidean” is, upon the whole, an admirable journal,
and will yet do good service.

A Popular Treatise, on the Science of Astrology, Embra-
cing all that is Requisite for erecting a Horoscope, and
resolving a Horary Question. New York: T.J.Coow-
en.

This treatise is prepared by a gentleman who has given
many year’s attention to the subject. It is not to be
classed with the Oracula and Napoleon-Books of fate, but
is a straight-forward analysis and exposition of the Sci-
ence of Astrology. The name of Lord Bacon, the last
great avowed adherent of the belief, casts a certain inter-
est on the subject even at this distant day.

As we were going to press we received from Messrs.
Lea & Blanchard, of Philadelphia, the first volume of the
Historical Sketch of the Second War between the United
States of America and Great Britain, declared by Act of
Congress, the I8th of June 1812, and Concluded by
Peace, the 15th of February 1815. By Charles J. In-
gersoll. In 3 volumes.

Vol. I embraces the events of 1812—13.

Received, also, too late for notice, Herbert’s admira-
ble translation—Winchester’s edition—of the Wandering
Jew.

Fairyland.

Dim vales—and shadowy floods—

And cloudy-looking woods,

Whose forms we can’t discover
For the tears that drip all over.

Huge moons there wax and wane—

Again—again—again —

Every moment of the night—

Forever changing places—

And they put out the star-light
With the breath from their pale laces.

About twelve by the moon-dial
One, more filmy than the rest
(A kind which, upon trial,

They have found to be the best)

Comes down—still down—and down
With its centre on the crown
Of a mountain’s eminence,

While its wide circumference
In easy drapery falls
Over hamlets, over halls,

Wherever they may be—

O’er the strange woods—o’er the sea—

194

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

Over spirits on the wing—

Over every drowsy thing—

And buries them up quite
In a labyrinth of light—

And then, how deep! O, deep!

Is the passion of their sleep !

In the morning they arise,

And their moony covering
Is soaring in the skies,

With the tempests as they toss,

Like——almost any thing—

Or a yellow Albatross.

They use that moon no more
For the same end as before—

Videlicet a tent—

Which I think extravagant:

Its atomics, however,

Into a shower dissever,

Of which those butterflies,

Of Earth, who seek the skies,

And so come down again
(Never-contented things!)

Have brought a specimen

Upon their quivering wings.	

The Fine Arts.

After many pompous announcements, and laudatory pa-
ragraphs, the collection of Paintings at Bordentown came
under the scattering fiat of Mr. Birch, the auctioneer of
Philadelphia; and as the distance was too great to ad-
mit our reaching the scene of action in sufficient time
on the 17th, the day of sale, to inspect the paintings pre-
vious to their being sold, we left New-York by the Phila-
delphia Railroad the day before, intending to devote eve-
ry moment after our arrival until nightfall, to the admi-
ration of the widely praised rarities of Art; but the se-
quel proved, that in this, as in other matters of greater
moment, our intentions may be our own, but their fulfil-
ment is beyond us, and that

There is a Divinity doth shape our ends, rough hew them as we
will;

for ere we had completed the second mile on the banks
of the canal beyond Princeton, by the gross, inexcusable
neglect of the engineer the train came to a stoppage, and
an express was despatched to the nearest station to bring
up an auxiliary engine. During this detention, an empty
tow boat came down the canal, when, flattering them-
selves that the tortoise might beat the hare while he
slept, several of the railroad passengers, whose destiny 
was not beyond the next station, hailed and embarked on 
board the boat. It is true they proceeded on their jour- 
ney, but those only who have marked the weary pace of
a toil-worn horse on a towing path, can judge how slow-
ly. The day was beautiful—the scenery of the varying
landscape delightful—the air sweet and refreshing; but
time passed, and alas for poor frail humanity! it must be
fed; some of the passengers leaving home at an early
hour, had made but a sorry breakfast—and with a verti-
cal sun bearing strong upon them, Hunger became quite
irresistible. On hoard there was nought save water—
therefore to alleviate their sufferings, one of the boatmen
was landed, with instructions to obtain anything in the
shape of refreshments. After some delay he returned
with a basket of green apples, and therewith a loaf of
new bread, freely and kindly given by one of the hospi-
table Jersey farmers, whose house and grounds skirted
the canal. Our passengers quelled the rapacity-of their
stomachs—affording a pretty illustration of our constitu-

tional declaration that all men are equal.

The frail and humble bark was honored with carrying
representatives of the Senate, the Bar, and the Mart, and
they, forced into a momentary forgetfulness of the world-
ly dignities with which adventitious circumstance had
endowed them, were content with

Wholesome thirst and appetite more grateful,
to partake of a primitive, temperate lunch of bread, fruit,
and water, on board of a coal barge. This little inci-
dent was scarcely past, when the spires of Trenton
churches broke on our view, and in a very short period
the locomotive came up with its long and burthensome
train of carriages. On reaching Bordentown, we has-
tened to the object of our journey. The day was fast
waning—the rays of the setting sun contrasting finely
with the coming shades of evening, in the beautiful dale
in which the house is situated, afforded some rich bits
for the sketch-book: and we ourselves involuntarily fell
under the influence of the moment and the place, for it
was with a feeling of deep sympathy we regarded the
willows and the blighted tree which, standing at the en-
trance from the road, are typical of the desolation and
fallen fortunes of the family whose meteor-like career
once lit up and electrified Europe. Shaking off these
reflections on the past, we entered the mansion and were
much gratified by the inspection of the statuary and fa-
mily paintings—mementos of their temporary greatness—
now become heirlooms to a scion to whom they are trea-
sures sacred and beyond price, and of which no time or
circumstance ought to deprive him, unless influenced by
the passion which actuated his relative, the late Cardi-
nal, when, refusing the princely ofl'er which was made
for his extensive collection of pictures, he exclaimed, “Je
suis Francais; ma galerie appartient à la France; elle est
destinee à mon diocese, si j’ai le bonheurd’y rentrer”—lie
devotes them to enrich one of the national museums of
France. We particularly allude to an original painting
by David, representing Napoleon on his charger ascend-
ing the Alps. This picture, which is considered a chef
d’ceuvre, has been repeatedly engraved, and is too well
known to need eulogium, hangs in the drawing-room on
the left, opposite which is a full length by the same ar-
tist, of Joseph in his state robes as King of Naples; and
over the mantel-piece, a full length of Napoleon as Em-
peror. The whole of these portraits are faithful resem-
blances, painted with much care; the coloring being se-
date, the expression true, and the details elaborated with
a degree of perfection not often seen. It is recorded in
the life of this painter, that Napoleon’s admiration of
his talents was so great that on entering his painting-
room the Conqueror of Austerlitz advanced two steps, and
taking off his hat, exclaimed, “Sir, I salute you.” On
a side table at the entrance of the same room, stands a
bust by Canova, of Charles, Prince of Canino; and op-
posite thereto a bust of Zencid, daughter of Joseph, by
Bartolini. These were the parents of the present prince.
In the adjoining room was a bust of Marie Louise, and
in the dining-room the following busts, all by Canova:

Madame, Mére de Napoleon.

Pauline, Sister of Napoleon.

Eliza, 	“

Charles. Pere de Napoleon.

Lucien,

Jerome.

We know of no terms sufficiently warm to speak our
admiration of these gems of art, for they possess a mi-
nute delicacy of expression, a softness of contour, and a
truthfulness of the party represented, that we never re-

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

195

collect to have seen equalled, and which impels us to
acknowledge that the artist capable of executing such
work, did not depend for success on the caprice or pride
of his employers, but by his taste and genius was confi-
dent of immortality. In the catalogue of the Statuary
for sale there were several busts by Bosig, but in which
we looked in vain for the hand of the great master. Lot
78, called Pauline, by Canova, was much chipped and
discolored, and smaller in dimensions than the bust spoken
of in the dining-room. The other matters we shall speak
of hereafter.

The collection of Paintings for sale did not realize 
our expectations; for, from the opportunities possessed
by the late proprietor, and of which it is known he avail-
ed himself, we expectted to have found much more 
of originality and talent than were there, for if an excep-
tion is taken to some twenty pictures, the collection was 
far below mediocrity—not one cabinet painting of even 
ordinary pretensions being offered for sale; and this in
face of the fact that one picture, fourteen inches by six- 
teen, on panel, by Correggio, representing Christ in the
Garden of Olives, was, when Joseph Bonaparte and
Jourdain were routed at Vittoria, captured with his bag-
gage, his crown, and all the paraphernalia of his ephe-
meral monarchy, by Wellington, in whose possession the
gem now is, and which is estimated at the value of 3000
guineas. The remaining portion of the catalogue consist-
ed of bad copies of very doubtful originals, in a direful state
of dilapidation from neglect, damp, and repeated cleaning
and restoration.

As it is to be expected that many pictures will here-
after be in the market dignified with the reputation of
coming from the Bonaparte collection, we give herewith
a list of the greater part of the collection, with the names
of the purchasers, and the prices given, which we con-
sider to have been extremely liberal: and we do not hes-
itate to assert that in London or Paris, the gross amount
of the sale—near $20,000—would not have been exceeded, 
We admit that a few pictures might have brought higher
prices: but then, on the remainder, comprising the doubt-
ful and the injured, the prices would have been consid-
erably less, bringing the aggregate to about the same
amount.

While on the subject of painting, we cannot refrain
from alluding to the short-sighted policy of the Legisla-
ture in levying a duty of twenty per cent, on foreign
paintings, as being inimical to the best interests of art,
and preventing, in the infancy of painting in this coun-
try, the introduction of a picture of known merit, to aid
the studies of our young artists.

The influence of the pencil has always been great, and
in perfect accordance with the advance of general intel-
ligence; for the sentiments which painting is capable of
inspiring, are truly wonderful. Nor is it possible to over-
fate the merit of one who has the power of speaking to 
all hearts through his silent but universal language;
therefore it was without surprise we saw assembled at
the sale, amateurs and collectors from all parts of the
Union. Amongst the gentlemen whose penchant for the
Fine Arts is well known, we noticed Col. Hunter (whose
fine collection cannot be sufficiently praised), and Mr.

Grattan, H. B. M. Consul at Boston, when the latter, by
his able criticisms fully substantiated the report of his
fine taste and judgment. It was to be expected that Mr.
Birch, the auctioneer, would have favored the company
with some remarks respecting the pictures; but with a
propriety highly creditable, he refrained therefrom, leav-

ing the genuineness of the collection, and its being with-
out exchange or addition, to be inferred.

6. De Marne. Landscape—Arrival of a Diligence at the
gates of the City. This was a pleasing subject, but its
authenticity strongly questionable; the figures were wretch-
edly done—Mr. Robb,	$190

8. S. Denys. Storm at Night—Barn on Fire.—The cattle
exceedingly well drawn, and the whole of the composi-
tion spirited—Mr. Oldfield,	105

12 & 13. Vernet. The Falls of Tivoli, taken from two points
of view.—Two pleasing pictures of the school of Vernet,
but possessing nothing to warrant the price given—Mr.

Robb,	220

11. Rubens. Two Lions and a Fawn—canvass 7 ft. 8—4
ft. 7.—This picture painted with an infinite degree of merit
—and from the price at which it was withdrawn highly
prized by the owner—is one of those specimens of talent
which at times produce so much discussion amongst con-
noisseurs. In this collection it is attributed to Rubens. In
the Fisch collection sold in the early part of this year,
there was a picture 5 ft. 6x4 ft. 4 numbered 224 in the second
part of their Catalogue Raisonneé, termed Lions poursuitants
un Chevreuil, and the description of which, might without
alteration stand for the present painting; indeed so great is
the similarity of design, grouping of the animals and gen-
eral composition, that nothing but the difference of size
would decide that it was not one and the same picture—
bought in,	300

17. Natoire. The Toilette of Venus—canvass 5 feet 6X6
feet 5.—The coloring of this picture is mellow and of a
pleasing tone; the position of the figures natural, and the
head of Venus charmingly executed—Mr. Robb,	325

20.	 Jos. Vernet. A Marine Piece—canvass 8 feet 4x5 feet.
—This picture and lot 21 is stated by the catalogue to have
been engraved—a distinction they richly deserve, being
fine compositions of great merit—No. 20 having several
figures on the foreground, and a ship with sails loose, in
the centre. The undoubted genuineness and purity of this

 picture ought to have created greater competition—Mr.

 Robb,	950

21.	J. Vernet. Marine Piece, 10 feetx5 feet—Storm clear-
ing off— Ship on the Rocks—the inhabitants of the coast
rescuing the Passengers.—We know not which to admire
most in this painting, the boldness of the design, or the
skillfulness of its execution. The look of nature which
appears upon the still agitated waters, the position of the
vessel, the brightening sky dispelling the horrors of the
storm, all combine to render it a masterpiece—Mr. Watts, 1,000

22.	Dutch School. View of a Country Palace.—This was a
delightful composition—the figures small, and designed
with a surprising exactness—the clouds transparent, and
the sky beautifully serene—although without a name in
the catalogue, was extremely cheap at the selling price—

Mr. Mawson,	45

26.	S. Denys. Rich Landscape—canvass 7 feet 6X5 feet 4.—

This work is distinguished by a warm coloring and an
agreeable choice of situation; the cattle in the foreground
are finished with the usual accuracy of this artist—Mr.

Robb,	725

27.	S. Denys View of the Bay of Naples—canvass 7 feet

3—5 feet 2—a companion to the last picture, but of finer
quality—the trees being most delicately handle, every leaf
touched distinctly; in truth, in every part has the look of
nature—Mr. Robb,	1,000

30. F. Franch. A Dutch Fair.—Numerous figures, well
drawn and nicely painted—Unsold.

53. Bassano. The Entrance into the Ark.—The animals in
pairs, passing the foreground. The catalogue stated the
style of the composition to be solemn and grand. We sup-
pose it was, for it found a purchaser—Mr.	Marshall,	225

60. A. Carracci. Christ and his Disciples at Sea in a Boat—

196

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

the Saviour sleeping.—Boldly painted, in the artist’s best
style—canvass 5 feetx2 feet 3—Mr. Cuthbert,	125

65 & 66. A Pair of Marine Views, said to be by Vernet.—

The purchaser of these pictures is reputed a lair judge of
paintings, but from the evident restorations we should have
declined the purchase at a fourth of the price given for the
pair—Mr. Watts,	320

STATUARY.

71.	Splendid Medici Vase of Porphyry, 3 feet 1 in height—

Mr. Robb,	400

72.	The Companion. Damaged—	100

T3. Bronze Casting from Pompeii—Mr. Paterson,	135

74.	“	“	“	“	“ Stevens,	135

The above were magnificent specimens of art.

75.	A Splendid Piece of Sculpture, by Barlolini—Diana and

Hound—Mr. La Coste,	380

76. Female Figure in Roman Dress—Mr. Devereux,	80

77. Ceres to Match, both by Bosig—Mr. Dana,	102

78.	Bust—Pauline—by Canova—Mr. Flauden,	260

76. “	Eliza—Mr. Stevens,	50

PAINTINGS.

93. Buchern. Landscape—cattle and figures—Mr. Robb,	150

95. Herodias receiving the Head of John the Baptist.—Bold-
ly painted, and well colored—Robb,	400

101.	Rubens and Sneyders. This was held as the crack pic-
ture of the collection, and no doubt merited the distinc-
tion, for all the peculiarities of beauty and imperfection of
the great master were visible in the group of children oc
cupying the centre. The fruit and flowers surrounding
a wreath above them, were stated to be by Sneyders. This
we think an error, believing the associate master to be
Seghers; and we are the more inclined to this opinion, see-
ing that Pilkington mentions a very splendid performance
then in the Jesuits’ Church at Antwerp—subject by Dan-
iel Seghers—a Garland of Flowers and Fruits, in which
seemed to be collected all that was beautiful in nature of
these objects, and in the centre the picture of the Virgin
and Child, painted by Rubens. However, as it was the
practice of Rubens to employ his pupils of talent in the
execution of his great designs, and these excellent artists
so thoroughly understood the nature of tints, and were so
expert in their handling, that every picture, although fin-
ished by the combined works of two or three different hands,
appeared to have been the composition of one master, it be-
comes a matter of fine judgment and experience to distin-
guish correctly the particular hand. The figures in this pic-
ture representing the Infant Saviour, St. John, and three
Angels playing with a Lamb, are disposed with great skill
in the centre of the foreground, attracting the eye of the
spectator from the glowing colors of the surrounding ob-
jects, but appeared to us incorrect in outline, being ex-
aggerated, the limbs too thick and too short—Not sold.

102.	Magdalen and two Cupids—canvass 4 feet 4X5 feet 3.—

The composition of this picture is in the style of Guido—
the heads are admirable, the expression just, and the whole
finished with great care—Mr. Potter,	200

105.	Rubens. The Lion caught in a Net.—A subject in it-
self perfectly uninteresting, treated in this great master's
inimitable style becomes an object of admiration; which
is the case with this painting, representing a rampant Lion

in the meshes of a stroug net—Mr. Flauden,	1,800

106.	S. Del Pimbo. Visitation of St. Anna.—A magnificent

painting, well drawn, and beautifully colored—a fine spe-
cimen of the master—Mr. Robb,	300

116. Landscape near Naples.—A finely-designed painting,
enriched with figures and buildings—slightly damaged at
one end, but might be restored by shortening the picture,
without injuring the subject—Mr. Walls,	550

121.	Sneyders. Hawk among Chickens.—A superb picture,

much in the style of Hondekoter—Mr. Robb,	160

122.	P. De Champagne. Massanissa and Sophonisba.—A
badly drawn and wretchedly colored composition, attribu-

ted to a master whose pictures have an agreeable tone of
color, and are designed correctly—Francini,	200

127. G. Delle Notta, or Gherard Honthorst. Christ Break-
ing Bread with his Disciples.—A picture of some merit,
in the style of Caravaggio, but from the general coloring
we should judge the master to be Wm. Honthorst, whose
works are often sold as Gherard’s. The powerful manner
in which the light and shade are contrasted, rendered this
painting very attractive—Dr. Kecker,	170

The Drama.

Niblo’s.—Mrs. Mowatt, we learn, has been here gath-
ering fresh laurels in Juliet and other roles. We deeply
regret that we have not been permitted an opportunity of
seeing her.

Park Theatre—Mrs. Bland.—On Saturday last this
lady made her first appearance in New-York, in Knowles’
play of the Hunchback, and again received the most en-
thusiastic applause from a delighted audience. Her per-
formance of the Lady of Lyons at once stamped her as an
artist of the highest order in her profession; and now,
that we have witnessed her Julia, we unhesitatingly pro-
nounce her to be fully equal to any tragedian that has
ever appeared in this country. When we shall have seen
her in her various range of characters, it is very possible
we may give her a still higher rank. Mrs. Bland's ex-
cellences are not confined to one or two scenes in a play.
Her conception of a character is perfect from beginning
to end, and she is equally true to nature, whether pour-
traying the soft emotions of the heart, the sprightly nai-
veté of the lady of fashion, or the intense and violent pas-
sions of remorse, anger or despair. In the latter, indeed,
she is so truly great that the audience are frequently elec-
trified, and a breathless attention alone shows their per-
fect sympathy with the heroine. She possesses, more-
over, a voice of intense power, of the finest quality, and
capable of all the varieties of modulation. In the part
of Julia, Mrs. Bland had the opportunity—rarely met with
in one play—of exhibiting all these beauties in a very
prominent degree. We consider the character a very
difficult one; one, in fact, to test the ability of any ar-
tist, and to decide her pretensions to the highest rank in
the histrionic art. This lady, by her performance on Sat-
urday, has decided this point beyond dispute. It would
be impossible (not having the book before us) to point out
to our readers every beauty in her performance, or even
the most conspicuous of them; but some of the scenes we
cannot pass over without notice. Her remorse on discov-
ering that by her own frivolity and apparent heartless-
ness, she had caused the estrangement of Sir Thomas
Clifford, blended at the same time with the angry feel-
ings natural to a high-minded and haughty damsel on be-
ing schooled by her lover, was most admirably depicted.
Her struggle between pride and love, ere she determines
to give her hand to Lord Rochdale, and the reckless des-
pair with which she seizes the pen and affixes her name
to the document, were not less favorable points. Her sur-
prise and emotion on discovering in the voice of the Sec-
retary, her lover; her many fruitless efforts to look round
and see if it be really he; her extreme agitation on find-
ing him at her feet, his arm encircling her waist; and,
when suddenly aroused to a sense of the danger of her
situation, she assumes the dignity of an insulted woman,
and frees herself from his embrace, were all so beautiful-
ly and forcibly given, that we are disposed to consider

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

197

this scene the finest in the whole play; though it would
be difficult, perhaps, for any thing to exceed the beauty of
her acting in the subsequent scene with Master Walter,
when imploring him not to force her to marry Lord Roch-
dale. Her wretchedness, and almost utter despair, lest
there should be no means by which she could with honor
avoid the detested nuptials, were so true to nature, so ex-
quisitely pathetic, that cold indeed must have been his
heart who could have witnessed this scene with an un-
moistened eye. As a whole, Mrs. Bland’s Julia is highly
meritorious: and we very much doubt if, in this char-
acter, she is excelled by any actress on the English
stage.

Mr. Bland played Sir Thomas Clifford, a part by no
means agreeable to the actor, particularly in the latter
half of the play; but he acquitted himself admirably.—
This gentleman is an accomplished reader, and poetry
never loses any of its beauties in his hands. He has much
judgment and discretion, and a most musical voice, which
he perfectly well knows how to modulate. We have now
seen him several limes—for he is put into all sorts of parts
—and have found, invariably, that his excellence increas-
es in proportion to the difficulty of the character he has to
represent. He must become an established favorite on the
Park boards.

The Hunchback was, altogether, well brought out.—
Though there were no striking excellences in the cast of
the other characters, they were nevertheless very credita-
bly sustained by Mr. Bass, Mr. De Walden, Mrs. Abbott,
Sec.

Musical Department.

Sacred Music Society.—This Society performed the
Oratorio of the Seven Sleepers at the Tabernacle on the
20th instant. Our remarks last week upon the plot and
the music of this Oratorio, performed under the direc-
tion of Mr. George Loder, preclude the necessity of our
alluding to them again. We must, however, state that
much of the character of the music was lost, on the se-
cond representation, through the conductor (Mr. U. C.
Hill) mistaking the tempo of several pieces.

The following is a cast of the characters:

Antipater. . . .                                  Mr. Fraser.

Honoria, (his Wife) .	.	Mrs. Jameson.

Martinus, (the Bishop) .	.	Mr. Seguin.

Malchus,	.	.	.         Miss J. L. Northall.

Serapion,	...	“ Windmuller.

Johannes,	...                       A Lady Member.

Constantine,  Sons of Auicianua, Mr. R. Dunning.
Dionysius, 	...		D. B. Bell.

Marianus, 	...	“	R. Andrews.

Maximianus, 	...	“	F. H. Nash.

Mr. Fraser sang the music of the Antipater admirably.
His voice was in fine order : he sang with feeling and ex-
pression ; he exhibited a pure and refined taste, and he
delivered his recitatives in a straight-forward and ener-
getic manner, enunciating his words at the same time
with great distinctness. We have never heard Mr. Fra-
ser to such advantage, and cannot but compliment him
on his careful and excellent performance.

Mr. Seguin, as the Bishop, was almost all that we
could have wished. He sang his music with the utmost
precision and accuracy, and his beautiful voice added a
great interest to the fine compositions he had to sing, but
there was hardly sufficient force and emphasis to his per-
formance.

Miss Julia Northall has improved in one respect: she

seems almost content to sing the music nearly as it is
written; she has given over embellishing too lavishly
the composer’s ideas, and confines herself to a decided re-
lantando and a trifling cadence at the close. This self-
denial will work out a vast improvement in her style,
which we shall hail with pleasure. There is so much
good material in Miss Northall, that we should regret to
see her departing from the road to improvement. She
has much to do before she can maintain a first position in
the profession. One prominent fault in her style, would,
if carefully regulated, become a positive excellence: we
allude to her decidedly theatrical method of delivery.
This she indulges incessantly, until it loses all effect,
from the want of judicious eontrast. Miss Northall is
however very young yet, and we sincerely believe that if
she at present does not consider herself perfect, but will
practise with a view to improvement, she will become a
very charming singer.

Mrs. Jameson has a very good voice, and sang the part
of Honoria quite respectably. She has no particular style
at present, and requires much schooling; but Mrs. Jame-
son has every thing in her favor—a good figure, a charm-
ing face, and a vocal organ capable of high cultivation.

Mrs. Windmuller gives evidence of some good educa-
tion; but her extreme fright rendered her incapable of
doing justice to herself. She sang painfully out of tune
all the evening.

A Lady Member has a fine voice, but she is uneducated,
and does not therefore know how to manage it.

The chorus singers were very numerous, but the power
was by no means commensurate with the numbers. We
have, however, never heard the choruses so well execu-
ted upon any previous performance of the Sacred Music
 Society. We account for this naturally enough, from the
fact that the principal part of the performers had been
thoroughly drilled for three or four months by Mr. Loder,

 at his rehearsal of the same Oratorio. But despite of all
 this drilling, and notwithstanding the excellence of their
first performance, they were still unsteady in many points
and confused in others; particularly in the fugues.

The band was pretty good, many portions being execu-
ted with effect, while in the more delicate instrumenta-
 tion, a great want of lightness was observable; particu-
larly in Honoria’s recitative, which is descriptive of alarm
and agitation. The conductor did not feel this, and the
result was a want of the correct expression. Most of the
principal performers were engaged in Mr. Loder’s repre-
sentation, and the music ought therefore to have gone
 much smoother.

Mr. Hill misconceived the tempo in several pieces—in
the duett between Honoria and Antipater, in the first act,
which was very much too slow, causing partial interrup-
tion of the continuous and flowing character of the melody.
The duett between Malchus and Serapion was altogether
 too slow; the tempo was totally at variance with the
character of the composition; and the tempo of Johannes’
exquisite song was much too fast, by which the grace and
prophetic tone of the sentiment were destroyed.

Mr. Hill is a very estimable and worthy man in his pri-
vate relations; but as a conductor, we can award him but
little commendation. He certainly strives to make up in
perseverance what he wants in knowledge and apprecia-
tion, but he has made loo many distinct failures to com-
mand the respect of the performers, without which, one-
ness of performance in execution and effect can never be
secured.

The President of the Society announced from the or-

198

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

chestra that David would be given on the 10th of October.
We may reasonably expect that this performance will ex-
hibit some marked degree of excellence, as the Society
should by this time be up in it, having performed it all
the time for the last half dozen years.

Items.—Mr. Templeton has arrived in this city. It is
his purpose, we understand, to try his fortune writh a class
of entertainment which Henry Phillips has already tried
before, and failed to render popular. Mr. Jones, of the
Park Theatre, was the first who introduced these musical
Lectures. He commenced by illustrating the Ancient
Jewish History, but the public did not support him and
he did not continue his services. Mr. Horncastle, that is
Professor Horncastle, advertised his Irish Entertainments,
but the respectability of his Brother militated so strongly
against him, that his first entertainment was his last, for
the room was nearly empty. We regret this, because
Professor Horncastle is a man of acknowledged talent,
sings in a chaste and classical style, and we have not a
doubt that his lectures would have proved well worthy
public patronage.

In the face of all these failures, Mr. Templeton is de-
termined to risk, in the same way, the success which his
reputation ought certainly to command, and which it cer-
tainly would command were he to place himself in any
other way before the public. It is just possible to be sure
that_he may succeed; for success in Music, as in every
thing else, very frequently depends upon the turning of a
straw. The public may take it into its head to make
these entertainments the fashion, and if it do, then Mr.
Templeton will make a fortune here; for it is an estab-
lished fact, although not admitted by our neighbors of
Boston and Philadelphia, that the favorable fiat of the
New York Public, is a passport for the whole Union.

We wish for Mr. Templeton’s sake that the public may
incline towards him, but we wish for our own, that he
had brought out with him a Soprano and Basso, and had
engaged with the Park Management to give a series of
Grand Operas. We do not entertain a doubt, that even
with this division of profits, Mr. Templeton would have
gained more than his individual experiment will yield
him. It is a common error for man to grasp at every-
thing, and the result is most frequently a shadow in place
of a substance. We trust that such may not be the re-
sult in Mr. Templeton’s case.

The Operas were stopped at the Park Theatre for sev-
eral nights, in consequence of the illness of Miss Deley.
After the performance on Wednesday week, she was
seized with a severe hoarseness, which proved very obsti-
nate and difficult to overcome. It is a very common thing
for Singers just come from Europe, to be attacked in this
way, the more especially if they exert the voice much
immediately on their arrival.

We sincerely trust that Miss Deley will shortly recov-
er her powers.



The Seven Sleepers, and Beethoven’s Mount of Ol-
ives.—We call the attention of our readers to the adver-
tisement in another column,under the above head. The per-
formance will take place on the 9th inst., at the Taberna-
cle, and will be under the direction of Mr. George Loder.
Two such works upon one evening, will form a Musical
Entertainment never before equalled in this country. We
have every confidence that the performance will he excel-
lent, and can therefore consistently recommend the public 

to attend it. It is just that the people of New York
should support the spirited undertaking of Mr. Meigs, for
a better entertainment is given for fifty cents, than the Sa-
 cred Music Society offer, in opposition, for one dollar.

We trust that all those who wish to enjoy a choice se-
lection of fine Sacred Music, and at the same time sup-
port the worthy resident talent, will go to the Taberna-
cle on the 9th inst.

Editorial Miscellany.

Thomas Dunn English, the editor of the “Aristidean,”
wrote for the “New Mirror,” a short time after it was
 established, a poem called “Ben Bolt” to which he ap-
pended his initials. From its simplicity of diction and
 touching truthfulness of narrative, it became popular, and
 being extensively copied, induced the author to ac-
knowledge it. It runs thus:

Don’t you remember sweet Alice, Ben Bolt?

Sweet Alice whose hair was so brown,

Who wept with delight when you gave her a smile,

And trembled with fear at your frown?

In the old churchyard in the valley, Ben Bolt,

In a corner obscure and alone,

 They have fitted a slab of the granite so gray,

And Alice lies under the stone.

Under the Hickory tree, Ben Boll,

Which stood at the foot of the hill,

Together we’ve lain in the noonday shade,

And listened to Appleton’s mill.

The mill-wheel has fallen to pieces, Ben Bolt,

The rafters have tumbled in,

And a quiet which crawls round the walls as you gaze,

Has followed the olden din.

Do you mind the cabin of logs, Ben Bolt.

At the edge of the pathless wood,

And the button-ball tree with its motley limbs,

Which nigh by the door-step stood?

The cabin to ruin has gone, Ben Bolt,

The tree you would seek in vain;

And where once the lords of the finest waved,

Grow grass and the golden grain.

And don’t you remember the school, Ben Boll.

With the master so cruel and grim,

And the shaded nook in the running brook,

Where the children went to swim?
Grass grows on the master’s grave, Ben Boll.

The spring of the brook is dry,

And of all the boys that were schoolmates then,

There are only you and I.

There is change in the things I loved, Ben Bolt
They have changed from the old to the new;

But I led in the core of any spirit the truth,

There never was change in you.

Twelvemonths twenty have past, Ben Bolt.

Since first we were friends, yet I hail
Thy presence a blessing, thy friendship a truth—

Ben Bolt, of the salt-sea  gale.

Several musical people have attempted to adapt an
air to these Words; and there are, in consequence, live
editions of the song afloat, issued under the auspices of
various publishers. In some of these a portion of the
stanzas are taken—and in all there are various errors.
They are such errors, however, us seem to be without
intention, and bear every evidence of their accidental na-
ture. The one before us is of a different kind. It occurs
on two pages of music and words, published by Oliver &

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

199

Ditsen, Washington street, Boston, with the following
title:—

There's a change in the things I love. Composed and respect-
fully dedicated to his friend B. F. Baker, Esq., by Joseph P: Web-
ster.

The evident intention of Mr. Webster is to claim the 
authorship of the words as well as the music—which lat-
ter has in it nothing remarkable. But whether this is, or 
is not, the intention of Mr. Webster, he has committed a
most vile fraud upon Mr. English. Instead of printing
the poem as given above, he gives four of the stanzas
only, and in the following form—the italics, which mark
the alterations and additions, being our own:—

O don’t you remember sweet Alice, Ben Bolt,

Sweet Alice with hair so brown;

Who wept with delight when you gave her a smile,

And trembled with fear at your frown.

In the old church-yard in the Abbey, Ben Bolt,

In a comer obscure and alone,

They have fitted a slab of the granite so gray,

And Alice lies under the stone.

O don't you remember the wood, Ben Bolt,

That grew on the green sunny bill;
Where oft ire bote played ’neath its wide-spreading shade,

And listened to Appleton’s mill.

The mill bets gone to decay, Ben Bolt,

And the rafters have fallen in,

And a quiet has settled on all around,

In the place of the olden din.

O don’t you remember the school, Ben Bolt,

With the master so cruel and grim; 
And the quiet nook and the running brook,

Where the school boys went to swim.

Grass grows on the master’s grave, Ben Bolt,

And the running brook is dry:

And of all the boys who were schoolmates then,

There is only you and I.

There's a change in the things I love, Ben Bolt,

A change from the old to the new;

But I feel in the core of my heart, Ben Bolt,

There never was change in you.

Twelve months—twenty have passed, Ben Boll,

But still with delight I hail
Thy presence a blessing, thy friendship a truth,

Ben Bolt of the salt sea gale.

Mow, in the name of the craft of authors we protest 
against such impudent thieving as this. The thing is 
growing to a nuisance. No sooner does a literary man
produce anything worthy of especial note, than some
lack-brained fellow—some Mr. Joseph P. Webster—lakes
it up, and either passes it off as his own, or mangles it
shamefully in an attempt at emendation—or perhaps
both. If caught, he sneaks off in silence, like a detected
robber of hen-roosts—if not, he chuckles at his successful
rascality, and enjoys a reputation obtained for him by 
alien brains.

Much has been said, of late, about the necessity of
maintaining a proper nationality in American Letters;
but what this nationality is, or what is to be gained by
it, has never been distinctly understood. That an Amer-
ican should confine himself to American themes, or even
Prefer them, is rather a political than a literary idea—
and at best is a questionable point. We would do well
to bear in mind that “distance lends enchantment to the
view. Ceteris paribus, a foreign theme is, in a strictly
literary sense, to be preferred. Alter all, the world at

large is the only legitimate stage for the autorial histrio.

But of the need of that nationality which defends our own
literature, sustains our own men of letters, upholds our own
dignity, and depends upon our own resources, there cannot
 be the shadow of a doubt. Yet here is the very point at
which we are most supine. We complain of our want of an
 International Copyright, on the ground that this want jus-
 tifies our publishers in inundating us with British opinion
in British books; and yet when these very publishers, at
their own obvious risk, and even obvious loss, do publish
an American book, we turn up our noses at it with supreme
contempt (this as a general thing) until it (the American
book) has been dubbed “readable” by some illiterate Cock-
ney critic, Is it too much to say that, with us, the opin-
ion of Washington Irving—of Prescott—of Bryant—is a
mere nullity in comparison with that of any anonymous
sub-sub-editor of The Spectator, The Athenæum or the
“London Punch”? It is not saying too much, to say
this. It is a solemn—an absolutely awful fact. Every
publisher in the country will admit it to he a fact. There
is not a more disgusting spectacle under the sun than
our subserviency to British criticism. It is disgusting,
first, because it is truckling, servile, pusillanimous—sec-
ondly, because of its gross irrationality. We know the
British to bear us little but ill will—we know that, in no
case, do they utter unbiassed opinions of American books
—we know that in the few instances in which our wri-
ters have been treated with common decency in England,
these writers have either openly paid homage to English
institutions, or have had lurking at the bottom of their

hearts a secret principle at war with Democracy:—we

know all this, and yet, day after day, submit our
necks to the degrading yoke of the crudest opinion that
emanates from the fatherland. Now if we must have
nationality let it be a nationality that will throw off this
yoke.

The chief of the rhapsodists who have ridden us to
death like the Old Man of the Mountain, is the ignorant
and egotistical Wilson. We use the term rhapsodists
with perfect deliberation; for, Macaulay, and Dilke, and
one or two others, excepted, there is not in Great Britain
a critic who can be fairly considered worthy the name.
The Germans and even the French are infinitely superior.
As regards Wilson, no man ever penned worse criticism
 or better rhodomontade. That he is “egotistical” his
works show to all men, running as they read. That he is

 ignorant” let his absurd and continuous schoolboy blun-
ders about Homer bear witness. Not long ago we our-
selves pointed out a series of similar inanities in his re-
view of Miss Barrett’s poems—a series, we say, of gross
blunders arising from sheer ignorance—and we defy him
 or any one to answer a single syllable of what we then
advanced.

And yet this is the man whose simple dictum (to our
shame be it spoken) has the power to make or to mar any
American reputation! In the last number of Blackwood,
he has a cotinuation of the dull “Specimens of the nBri-
tish Critics,” and makes occasion wantonly to insult one
of the noblest of our poets, Mr. Lowell. The point of the
whole attack consists in the use of slang epithets and
phrases of the most ineffably vulgar description. “Squa-
bashes” is a pet term. “Faugh!” is another. “We are
Scotsmen to the spine!' says Sawney—as if the thing were
not more than self-evidont. Mr. Lowell is called “a mag-
pie,” an “ape,” a “Yankee cockney,” and his name is
intentionally mis-written John Russell Lowell. Now

200

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

were these indecencies perpetrated by any American
critic, that critic would be sent to Coventry by the whole
press of the country, but since it is Wilson who insults,
we, as in duty bound, not only submit to the insult, but
echo it, as an excellent jest, throughout the length
and breadth of the land. Quamdiu Catilina? We do
indeed demand the nationality of self-respect. In Letters
as in Government we require a Declaration of Inde-
pendence. A better thing still would be a Declaration of
War—and that war should be carried forthwith “into Af-
rica.”

A Friend “who knows,” writing to us in reference to
the Whittier and Bulwer parallel, says,

En passant the gem which you present in your last, as attribu-
ted to both Whittier and Bulwer “went the rounds,” some years
ago, as the property of George D. Prentice, to whom by the way,
more than one of the Abolition poet’s waifs have been awarded.
A few years back “The Hesperian,” (Gallagher’s Magazine, at
Columbus, Ohio,) contained a little poem “To a Lady,” beginning
“We are not strangers,” &c., over the signature of George D.
Prentice, which had previously appeared in the “New England
Review,” then conducted by Whittier, over the initials, J. G. W.
But why speak of these things?—"de minimis nun curat lex."

The unworthy cabal lately entered into by some of
our most “influential” citizens, to foist upon the public
attention, through a concerted movement of puffs anti-
cipatory, a collection of rather indifferent and very un-
original verses by one Mr. William W. Lord, has met,
we rejoice to find, the most signal and universal rebuke.
Tricks of this kind will scarcely be attempted again.
A mere trick it was. Mr. Lord had written some matters
of which he had an exalted opinion. In New Jersey he
had for neighbour a very gentlemanly personage con-
nected with the press. To him application was made,
and the whole scheme was immediately arranged. Au-
spice Teucro nothing was to be feared. The press as a
matter of course, would be dumb—or open its mouth
only to echo the cos plaudite of the King. Mr. Appleton is
invited to dinner. Mr. Lord is invited to recite his
poems; he reads them, we have been informed, with re-
markable unction. It is decided in full conclave, that
henceforth he shall be the “American Milton." No
member of that illustrious assembly ever dreamed that
there was anything farther to do—for this whole thing
had, to a certain extent, been repeatedly managed be-
fore.

The result has placed Mr. Lord in a very remark-
able, and certainly in a very amusing position. There
is no immediate need, however, of his cutting his throat.
The letter to Mr. Wordsworth, was the most absurd
of all moves; or if a letter was to be sent to Mr. Words-
worth, why did Mr. Lord think it necessary to make
use of Bishop Doanc as an amanuensis—or a catspaw?
This was hardly fair play. To “one Mr. Lord” beseech-
ing a complimentary letter about his own poems, the
patriarch of the Lakes might have had no scruple in
replying—“Mr. Lord, it is my honest opinion that your
book is not much better than it should be”—but an
answer of this kind was clearly impossible from so well-
bred a man as Wordsworth, to his personal acquaintance,
the Bishop of New Jersey. This letter then -or this
presentation copy of the Poems—to Wordsworth was.
after all, nothing in the world hut trick No. 2. The fact
is, we are ashamed both of Mr. Lord and of his book.
His chicaneries have done more to convince the public
of his utter want of poetic (or of any other kind of) spir-

it, than even the bombast, egotism, and inanity of “Nia-
gara” itself.

There is a rumor that the plates of the Natural Histo-
ry Department of the Exploring Expedition book are in
course of preparation either in London or Pans. Have
we no artists at home—or no soul to sustain them?
Perhaps the amiable “superintendent of the plates” at
Washington can afford us some information about the
truth or falsity of the report in question.

Among the American books of exceeding merit which,
through accident, have been nearly overlooked, we may
mention “George Balcombe,” a novel by Judge Beverly
Tucker, of Virginia, and “The Confessions of a Poet,”
a very vigorous and powerful fiction by the author of
“The Vision of Rubeta.”

In our list, last week, of contributors to “The Broad-
way Journal,” we made some important omissions. We
have published original articles from Mrs. Osgood, Mrs.
Ellet, Mrs. Kirkland, Mrs. R. S. Nichols, Mrs. Child,
Mrs. Lowell, Mrs. Hewitt. Miss Fuller, Miss Mary
Orme, Miss Colman, Miss Lawson, Miss Wells, W. G
Simms, J. R. Lowell, H. R. Schoolcraft, H. T. Tuck-
erman, Park Benjamin, E. A. Duyckinck, T. D. Eng-
lish, Wm. Page (the artist), Wm. Wallace, A. M. Ide,
Jr., Henry B. Hirst, Wm. A. Jones; the author of the
Vision of Rubeta, Henry C, Watson, Littleton Barry and
Edgar A. Poe. Our corps of anonymous correspondents
is, moreover, especially strong.

In a very complimentary notice, by Miss Fuller, of
“Tales by Edgar A. Poe,” the critic objects to the phra-
ses “he had many books but rarely employed them”—
and “his results, brought about by the very soul and
essence of method, had, in fact, the whole air of intui-
tion.” We bow to the well-considered opinions of Miss
Fuller, whom, of course, we very highly respect—but
we have in vain endeavored to understand, in these ca-
ses, the grounds of her objections. Perhaps she will
explain.

The London Builder, speaking of extraordinary mo-
saics, mentions an exquisite specimen—a portrait of Pope
Paul V., in which the face alone consists of more than a
million and a half of fragments, each no larger than a
millet seed; and from this size up to two inches square,
pieces are employed in various ways. Another celebra-
ted specimen is that which Napoleon ordered to be made
when his power was paramount in Italy. It was to be a
mosaic copy of the celebrated “Last Supper,” by Leon-
ardo da Vinci; and to be of the same size of the original,
viz, 24 feet by 12. The artist to whom the task was en-
trusted was Glacono Raffaelle, and the men under his di-
rection, eight or ten in number, were engaged for eight
years on it. The mosaic cost more than seven thousand
pounds—and afterwards came into the possession of the
Emperor of Austria.

We Are Delighted to hear that Wiley and Putnam’s
“Library of American Books,” is meeting with unequi-
vocal success. We had feared that Americans would
condescend to read nothing less than English. Even of
our own book, more than fifteen hundred copies have been
sold here.

The editor of “Graham’s Magazine" assures us that
certainly he has paid, (according to Dr. Griswold’s con-
tract.) for Mr. William Jones’articles—hut that he (Mr.

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

201

Graham) has not the slightest inten-
tion of ever using them. No doubt
they are at Mr. Jones’ service.

To Correspondents.—Shall we not'
again hear from M. O.? Her many
excellences are appreciated by no one
more fully than by ourselves. A thou-
sand thanks to W, G. for the beautiful'
lines without a title—also to the au-
thor of “ Constance.”	

PAINE & BURGESS

HAVE JUST PUBLISHED

THE CITIZEN OF a REPUBLIC, by
Ansaldo Ceba. 1 vol. 12 mo. “ A book
of rare and condensed thoughts, like dia-
monds finely polished and richly set.”

The Florentine Histories, by Machiavelli,
2 vols. 12 mo. “The charmed records of
the classic city of the Arno, by the master
spirit of his age.”

The Challenge of Barletta, a Romance of
the Times of the Medici. 1 vol. 12 mo. “A
gem gathered from the jewelled mines of
Italian Romance.”

WILL PUBLISH SOON,

The Autobiography ol Alfieri.

Melodies, by Gen. Geo. P. Morris.

The Artist, Merchant and Statesman. 2
vols. 12 mo. By C. Edwards Lester.

Prairiedom; or Texas and New Estrama-
dura. By a Southerner. 1 vol. 12 mo.

A New Work on Greece. By G. A. Per-
dicari, U. S. Consul at Athens. 2 vols. 12
mo.

Rambles by Land and Water, or Notes of
Travel in Cuba and Mexico. By B. M.
Norman, author of Rambles in Yucatan, etc.
1 vol. Illustrated.

Fanny Forrester’s First Book of Sketches.
Man in the Republic. By C. Matthews.
32 mo. Gilt. A new and carefully revised
edition.

The Prince. By Machiavelli.

GURNEY’S

PREMIUM DAGUERRIAN GALLERY,
189 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.

PICTURES taken at this Establishment
 are not excelled in this country—so say
his numerous patrons. The public are in-
vited to call and judge for themselves. 02

PIANO FORTFS—V.F. HARRlSON, 23 CANAL
Street, N. Y.

Instruments made with the most recent improve
ments, such as Iron Frames, &c., with a  compass
of 6 and 7 octaves. They are made from choice
materials, and highly finished, with the most faith
ml workmanship, the result of 23 years experience
In the business.

N. B. Wanted a second hand Parlor Organ.

Piano Fortes hired by the month.

PIANO-FORTES.—THOMAS H. CHAMBERS,

(formerly Conductor to Dubo's and Stodart)
No. 385 Broadway, will keep a complete assortment
of the latest approved Grand Action Piano Fortes,
of the most superior quality; such as he is prepared 
to guarantee for their excellence of Tone, Touch
and External Finish, and to endure in any climate.
A liberal discount from the standard prices. Piano
Fortes Tuned and R. paired. Piano Fortes always
on here.

PENMANship.

Reopening of goldsmiths writing

ACADEMY, 289 Broadway. La Farge Build
ings: corner of Reade Street. Terms reduced to

Three Dollars, and no extra charge

Mr. Oliver B. Goldsmith respectfully Informs the
citizens, of New York and Brooklyn, dial his rooms
are now open, during the day and evening, for Pu
pils and Visiters. Mr. G'a specimens of
	PENMANSHIP

has received the First Premium Five Years, from

the American Institute, and he guarantees to all in
TEN EASY AND INTERESTING EXERCISES,
a free and elegant style of writing, that the pupils
cannot possibly ever lose in their future practice,
For sale at the  Academy GOLDSMITH’S GEMS

penmanship.

Ladies’ Class meets daily at 11 o'clock. Gentle
men's day and evening. See Circular. s18 2wis

161 Broadway, September, 1845.

WILEY & PUTNAM'S
LIBRARY OF CHOICE READING.

“books which are books.”

THE PUBLISHERS of the Library of Choice
Reading be" leave to call attention to the fol
lowing classification of the book.- published in the
series by which it will appear that novelty, variety
and standard merit have always burn preserved,
and the promise of the original prospectus faithfully
kept. It was proposed to publish “the best books of
Travels, Biographies, works of Classic Fiction—
where the moral is superior to the mere story, with
out ary sacrifice of the interest—occasional choice
volumes of Poetry. Essays, Criticism, Contributions
of History, and generally such single volumes, writ
ten by men of genius. as will equally delight the
scholar and the general reading The books already
issued and ready for immediate publication may be
arranged as follows;

BOOKS OP TRAVELS.

EOTHEN', OR TRACES OF TRAVEL BROUGHT
HOME FROM THE EAST.

THE FRENCH IN ALGIERS. By Lady Duff

Gordon.

THE CRESCENT AND THE CROSS—2 vols. By
Warburton.

SIR FRANCIS HEAD S BUBBLES FROM THE
BRUNNEN.

BECKFORD's  ITALY. SPAIN, PORTUGAL, AND

VISIT to the monasteries of alco

BACA AND BATALHA—in press.

NOTES OF A JOURNEY THROUGH FRANCE
AND ITALY. By Hazlitt-—in press.

There will I be followed by Sir Francis Head's
Rough Notes of a Journey across the Pampas;—
Waterton’s Wanderings in South America; .Miss
Rigby's Letters from the Baltic; Henry Nelson
Coleridge's Six Months in the West Indies, and
Thackeray's Notes of a Journey from London to
Cairo, and others—forming altogether one of the
most original and select collections of books of tra
vels ever published.

CLASSIC FICTION.

MARY SCHWEIDLER, THE AMBER WITCH

The most interesting Trial for Witchcraft ever published.

UNDINE AND SINTRAM AND HIS COMPAN-
IONS. From the German of La Motte Fouque.
THE DIARY OF LADY WILLOUGHBY
HEADLONG HALL AND NIGHTMARE ABBEY
ZSCHOKKE'S TALES Translated by Parke God-
win.

THE CROCK OF GOLD. By Marlin Farqubar 
Tupper.

HEART AND THE TWINS. By Marlin Farqubar

Tupper.—in press.

Under this department will be included the choicest
new works of fiction as they issue from the press
and choice translations from the workers of the Con
tinent. The following have been already announc
ed: Mrs. Inchbald’s Nature and Art; Tales from,
Tieck and HOFFMan, the White Lady and Peter
Schlemihl; The Life and Adventures of Peter Wi
kins, a Cornish Man; Melincourt and Crotchet Cas
tle, by the author of Headlong Hall.

ILLUSTRATIONS OF ENGLISH LITERATURE.
LEIGH HUNT'S IMAGINATION AND FANCY

hazlitt's dramatic writers of the

AGE OF ELIZABETH.

HAZLITT'S characters of shakspeare.

(WILSON'S GENIUS AND CHARACTER OF

BURNS.

HAZLITT'S LECTURES ON THE COMIC WRI-

TERS—IN PRESS.

HAZLITT'S LECTURES ON THE ENGLISH
POETS—in press.

Tne works of HAZlitt in this department, me
most eloquent commentator on English Literature,
will be followed by various writings of Campbell,
WILSON, COLERIDGE, SOUTHEY, ELLIS and others.

BIOGRAPHY AND GENERAL LITERATURE
LEIGH HUNT'S INDICATOR AND COMPA
NION—2 vols.

HOOD S PROSE AND VERSE—2 vols.

 CHARLES LAMB'S ESSAYS OF ELIA.

 HAZLIIT'S TABLE TALK-id senas, 2 vols.
AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF SENVENUTO CELLINI—IN PRESS.

 A complete collection of the writings of Hailitt
 and Leigh Hunt will form part of the scene, to be
published. at short intervals; WALTER SATAGE LAN
DOR's. writings: De QUINCET's (the English opium
eater) Miscellaneous Writings; James Smith's Re
 jected Addresses and the Poms and Ballads of Bon
GUALTIER.

OLD ENGLISH LITERATURE

BASIL MONTAGU'S SELECTIONS FROM TAY
      LOR, SOUTH BARROW. FULLER, &c.
CHARLES LAMB'S SPECIMENS OF OLD ENG-
LISH DRAMATISTS WHO LIVED ABOUT
THE TIME OF SHAKSPEARE.

 These, the most perfect collectitons of the kind

 ever published, will form the introduction in prose
 and verse to a series of the old English writers.
'including Sir Toons. More. Herbert Fuller.

 Sir Thomas Browne, Milton. Selden, Bacon and
others

AMERICAN Series. 
Of the “Library of American Books,’ the fol

lowing have already been issued:

JOURNAL OF AN AFRICAN CRUISER, EDITED
BY NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE.

TALES BY EDGAR A. POE.

LETTERS FROM  ITALY BY J. T. HEADLEY.
THE WIGWAM AND THE CABIN. BY W. GIL-
MORE SIMMS

AG ABFL AND THE LITTLE MANHATTAN,
BY CORNELIUS MATHEWS.

WANDERINGS OF THE PILGRIM UNDER THE
SHADOW OF THE JUNGFRAU, BY GEORGE
B, CHEEVER, D. D—Just Ready.

The following are in press:—Western Clearings,
by Mary Ci.avers (Mrs Kirkland): Wanderings
of a Pilgrim under tl«e Shadow of the Jungfrau, by
 George B. Cheever; Views and Reviews in Ame-
rican History, Literature, and Fiction, a Miscellany,
by W. Gilmore Simms; The Forest and the Prairie,
by James Hall, author of the Border Talcs; a new
volume, by Nathaniel Hawthorne; The Old Eng-
lish Library, by W. N Jones; and other productions
of American authors.

 MESSRS. HARPER & BROTHERS

PUBLISH THIS DAY,

Elements of Morality and Polity.

BY PROF. HEWELL.

THIS valuable new production, from the pen of
one cf the most eminent scholars of the age,
exhibits, in a most lucid, exact, and elegant study,
the great principles of moral, political, and ecclesi
astical science in a far more complete and methodi
cal manner than has ever yet been presented to the
public. In offering this great work to the American
reader, the publisher begs leave to introduce it as
the commencement, of a new and a tractive series
of sterling books, to be is used by them, under the
general designation of

HARPER’S NEW MISCELLANY;

the volumes of winch will be legibly printed, in
duodecimo, on fine paper, and

Bound in extra Muslin Gilt—Price
Fifty Cents a Volume,

and issued at short intervals. To render accessible
to the million, the fullest advantage' of popular in-
struction in the various divisions of human Know-
ledge, is the design of the above series. It is appa-
rent in the present day, that books of intrinsic value
are demanded by the people. Formerly the popu
lar taste preferred mainly works of mere amusement
the great body of readers now seek them as vehi-
cles of general knowledge books of a more per-
manently valuable caste—devoted to some of the
departments of science, or general literature. A
new race has sprung up, glowing with the first
energies of youth, requiring more expanded ideas
of the word in which they live, and a more reliable
and well-digested knowledge of the men. and the
events of other times and countries. A class of
books expressly adapted to this demand, it is the
aim of the publishers to supply; and at a price so
exceedingly cheap that every person of ordinary
taste and advantages may thus become possessed
of a

Complete Library of the Best Litera-
ture of the Age.

In this collection it is intended to include the best
productions in every department of knowledge;
popular philosophical treatises on topics of t univer-
sal interest; the most compact and brilliant histori-
cal books; valuable biographical memo>rs ; modern
voyages and travels, &c., together with scientific
and other collateral divisions; in the selection of
all which, the most careful discrimination will be
observed A mere glance over the wide domain of
our English literature will exhibit much yet unex-
plored and uncultivated, from which might be ga
thered the fruits of a rich, luxuriant harvest. besides
which, the ever-teeming issues of the European
press open a vast revenue of literary wealth, from
 which the above collection may be literally suppli-
ed. Original productions from American writers
 will also occasionally be introduced In submitting,
therefore, the esteemed work of Prof. W. hewell
as a kind of first-fruits of their “New Miscellany,”

the publishers deem it only necessary to add, that
their arrangements for carrying forward the enter-
 prise being of the most complete and efficient kind,
they confidently rely upon their efforts being met
with a ready response from the entire reading com
munity.

 This, they venture to believe, will be insured to
the r Miscellany, no less from the intrinsic value
of the collection, than from its unparalleled econo
my: each volume being elegantly produced, bound

IN HANDSOME AND SUBSTANTIAL STYLE. FITTED WITH-
OUT FARTHER EXPENSE FOR PERMANENT PRESERVA-
TION in the libraky; the whole series being issued
in uniform binding, while the press of each volume
will be only Fiety Cents—far below the cost of
are vary similar series of books yet published in this,
or, it is believed, any other country

Pianofortes cheap for cash.—the

subscribers have on hand a handsome assort-
ment, 6, 6 1/2 and 7 octave, mahogany and rose wood
pianos, which they will warrant and sell low for
cash or approved paper.

GLENN, ROGERS & CO., Manufacturers,

152 Fulton street, East of Broadway.

202

THE BROADWAY JOURNAL.

J. F. BROWNE & CO.

-MANUFACTURER OF THE

IMPROVED PATENT DOUBLE-ACT ION HARP,

By Royal Letters Patent, London. Established 1810. (Many years with Erard.

JF. BROWNE respectfully 'informs his Friends and the Musical World, that he has established himself for the manufacture
. and importation of these very beautiful instruments, at

281 BROADWAY, and 73 1-2 CHAMBERS STREET.

His arrangements are such as to enable him to transact business at European prices, thereby saving purchasers the high duties
imposed by Tariff on these Instruments.

J. F. Browne would observe, these Harps are constructed on the most approved principles, with all the modern improvements of
London and Paris, are unequalled in brilliancy of tone, fineness of touch, and perfectness of mechanism. Particular care is taken
to fit them for the extremes of climate in this country, in which respect they will be found far superior to any of European manufac-
ture, imported in the usual way.

These Harps are patronized by the elite of musical taste and professional talent in Europe; among the latter, he would mention
N. C. Boscha, who invariably selects from this establishment.

J. F. Browne begs to offer the opinions of some of the first professional talent in this country.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir:—Having had for several years past, the opportunity of making a professional use of your Harps, and of
testing their qualities, it affords me pleasure to certify, that in point of tone, workmanship, and above all, a solidity that stands proof
against the inconstancy of our trying climate, they have in all cases given me the most entire satisfaction.

 January, 1845.		I am yours, CHARLES TH1BAULT, No. 40 Beach St., N. Y.

Dear Sir :—I write to express the delight I experienced in performing on one of your Harps at Sig. Casella’s Concert in this city.—
The mechanism is perfect, and the quality of Tone certainly superior to any harp I have heard for many years. I remember my old
Master, Boscha, always gave the preference to your Harps, indeed he himself used no other. Yours, most truly, H. G. TRUST.
Philadelphia, March 4th, 1844.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir:—I have much pleasure in saying, that the Harp of your make I performed on at the St. George’s Society
Concert, is, in brilliancy of tone, touch, and elegance of workmanship, the finest I ever played on. This will apply to all your Harps.
The grand six and a half Gothic Double action, is a most splendid instrument. Yours, with respect, ELIZABETH SLOMAN.
New York, January 16th, 1845.	A pupil of N. C. Boscha.

Mr. J. F. Browne, Sir :—Having at your request closely scrutinized your double-action Harps, I find they possess the best quali-
ties of the first makers in Europe combined. That in the ease of touch, by which the most brilliant tone is obtained, in perfection and
ease of modulation, they are superior to any I have used; their elegance of exterior must gratify the most refined taste. Your new
Grand Gothic six and a half octave, is the most splendid effort of art yet produced in the musical world; it will give me great pleasure
in recommending your Harps at every opportunity.	Yours Truly, HENRY HORN.

January 12th, 1845.	An eminent professor, and Member of the Royal Academy.

These are but a very small part of the testimonials received, but will suffice to show the estimate of persons every way capable of
making a correct decision. J. F. Browne has also received the Franklin Medal of the Society of Arts, Philadelphia, for his splendid
improvements in this delightful Instrument.

Harps from 300 to 1000 dollars. Harps repaired, strings, &c.

The southern literary messenger.

B.B MINOR, Proprietor. Pub island monthly,
at Richmond. Va. Price Five Dollars per year.

The ME8SBNG R has been established since;
1835, has a large subscription list, and is the princi
pal organ of Southern opinion.

Subscriptions received by John Bisco, at the office
of the  "Broadway Journal," 135 Nassau street.

JUST PUBLISHED BY II. G DAGGERS, 30 Ann
Streep New York.

THE COTTON LORD. By Mrs. Stone A Ro
mance of the Rich and Poor, written by a lady of
brilliant talents 25 Cents.

FRANKENSTEIN, by Mrs. Mary W. Shelley,
wife of the illustrious poet. “It is among the most
exciting and terrible of modern roinancos.’’—Tri
bunk. 25 Cents.

LAWRIE TODD, by John Galt, with an original
preface by the original Lawne Todd viz Grant I
Thorburn, Esq. “Mr. Thorburn’s Preface is worth
more than the price asked for the novel.” 25 Cents
THE NUN; or, Life in a Convent. By one of
the Sisterhood “A terrible exposition of the secret
practices of Roman Catholics.” 25 Cents.

POOR JACK. By Captain Martyatt, author of
Midshipman Easy, Peter Simple, &c. 25 Cents
N. B. All of the above will be sent for One Dol 
lar to any person ordering them through Postma
ters. who are by law authorized to remit money to
publishers. Any Postmaster ordering the above
shall be presented with either novel he may select.

ÆOLIAN attachment.

Hermann h. carom,

Leonard street, New York, leaches the Piano
Forte, with or withoi t Coleman a celebrated At
tachment.

PIANO-FORTES—H. WORCESTER, NO 139
THIRD AVENUE, Corner of 14th Street, res
pectfully informs his friends and the public, that he
has a good assortment of Piano Fortes, in Rosewood,
and Mahogany cases, from 6 to 7 octaves. Persons
wishing to purchase will find it to their advantage
to call and examine before purchasing elsewhere.

BEETHOVEN’S MOUNT OF OLIVES AND
the SEVEN SLEEPERS—During the week of
the American Musical Convention.—The sublime
Oratorio the Mount of Olives, by the immortal
Beethoven, and the Seven Sleepers, by Dr. Lowe,
will he performed at the Tabernacle, on Thursday
evening, the 9th October next, under the direction of
MR GEORGE LODER

The Chorus and Orchestra will be full and effect-
ive, and the solo parts will be sustained by resident
talent

Mr. H. C- TIMM will preside at the Organ.
Tickets, 50 cents each, mav be obtained on and
after Thursday next, at the principal music stores
Subscribers will receive three tickets for one dollar
as usual.

HENRY MEIGGS, 446 Broadway.

G. H DERWORT, PROFESSOR OF SINGING
 Guitar and Piano Forte, has opened a class
for Young Ladies, from 7 to l0 years of age, among
whom are three of his own daughters, whom he
proposed to thoroughly Instruct in toe art of Singing
Mr Derwort’s system is the result of many years
observation and expericnce, during which he has
successfully taught in Germany, London, and New
York. His method cannot fail to impart to his pu
pils a clear perception and a thorough knowledge
of the grammatical principles of music with the
ability to  harmonize any simple given melody.

Parents and guardians are invited to call at his
Rooms, 427 Broadway, when every inquiry will be
answered.

Terms $20 per annum, payable quarterly in ad-
vance. Lessons three tunes a week.

Private instruction as heretofore.

PIANO FORTE MANUFACTURER-JAMES
PIRSSON, 88, 90, & 92 Walker Street, near
Kim. A Large Stock of the finest instruments al
ways on hand Terms moderate FOR SALE-A
Splendid Harp, nearly new. To be told at a great
bargain for cash.

WEDDING, VISITING, & Professional
CARDS, engraved and printed at VALEN-
TINE’S, 1 Beekman street— Lovrjoy’s Hotel,

J BALLARD. PROFESSOR OF THE GUITAR,
• Singing, and Flute, No. 135 Spring street.

CARD OF REMOVAL-MR. W. A. KING.

Professor of Music and Teacher of the Piano-
Forte and Organ, has Removed lo the First House
above Twenty Fifth Street on the Rail-Road (4th
Avenue )

Our First Volume.—A few copies of
the first volume of the Broadway Jour-
nal are for sale at the office, either in
numbers or neatly bound.

AGENTS.

Redding & Co., Boston, Mass.

R. G. H Huntington, Hartford, Ct.

M. Baullemet, Mobile, Ala.

Robinson & Jones, Cincinnati, O.

D. M. Dewey, Rochester, N. Y
J. Robertson, Syracuse, N. Y.

W. E. Russell, Schenectady, N. Y
Levi Willard, Troy, N. Y.

G. Jones, Albany. N. Y.

S. F. Hoyt, Newburgh, N. Y.

Shurtz it Wilde, Baltimore, Md.

Colon & Adriance, Philadelphia.

Thos. H. Pease, New-Haven, Ct.
J. C. Morgan, New-Orleans.

W. W. Kingslev, New-London, Ct.

G. N. Beesley, Utica, N Y.

H. B. Strang, Peekskill, N. Y.

Haliburton & Dudley Boston, Mass.

S. Thompson, Worcester, Ma s.

Peter Cooke, Hartord, Ct.

H. Esten, Providence, R. I.

Salford & Park, Norwich. Ct.

John Tomlin, P. M. Jackson, Tenn.

S. Hart, Sen., Charleston, S C.